In the Gregorian calendar , New Year s Day is the first day of the calendar year , 1 January . Most solar calendars like the Gregorian and Julian begin the year regularly at or near the northern winter solstice , while cultures and religions that observe a lunisolar or lunar calendar celebrate their Lunar New Year at less fixed points relative to the solar year . In pre Christian Rome under the Julian calendar , the day was dedicated to Janus , god of gateways and beginnings , for whom January is also named . From Roman times until the middle of the 18th century , the new year was celebrated at various stages and in various parts of Christian Europe on 25 December , on 1 March , on 25 March and on the movable feast of Easter . In the present day , with most countries now using the Gregorian calendar as their civil calendar , 1 January according to Gregorian calendar is among the most celebrated of public holidays in the world , often observed with fireworks at the stroke of midnight following New Year s Eve as the new year starts in each time zone
The New Year is the time or day at which a new calendar year begins and the calendar s year count increments by one . Many cultures celebrate the event in some manner . In the Gregorian calendar , the most widely used calendar system today , New Year occurs on January 1 New Year s Day , preceded by New Year s Eve . This was also the first day of the year in the original Julian calendar and the Roman calendar after 153 BC . Other cultures observe their traditional or religious New Year s Day according to their own customs , typically though not invariably because they use a lunar calendar or a lunisolar calendar . Chinese New Year , the Islamic New Year , Tamil New Year Puthandu , and the Jewish New Year are among well known examples . India , Nepal , and other countries also celebrate New Year on dates according to their own calendars that are movable in the Gregorian calendar . During the Middle Ages in Western Europe , while the Julian calendar was still in use , authorities moved New Year s Day , depending upon locale , to one
Lynyrd Skynyrd , LEN ərd SKIN ərd is an American rock band formed in Jacksonville , Florida . The group originally formed as My Backyard in 1964 and comprised Ronnie Van Zant lead vocalist , Gary Rossington guitar , Allen Collins guitar , Larry Junstrom bass guitar , and Bob Burns drums . The band spent five years touring small venues under various names and with several lineup changes before deciding on Lynyrd Skynyrd in 1969 . The band released its first album , Pronounced Lĕh nérd Skin nérd , in 1973 . By then , they had settled on a lineup that included bassist Leon Wilkeson , keyboardist Billy Powell , and guitarist Ed King . Burns left and was replaced by Artimus Pyle in 1974 . King left in 1975 and was replaced by Steve Gaines in 1976 . At the height of their fame in the 1970s , the band popularized the Southern rock genre with songs such as Sweet Home Alabama and Free Bird . After releasing five studio albums and one live album , the band s career was abruptly halted on October 20 , 1977 , when their chartered airplane crashed , killing Van
On June 14 , 2015 , sheriff s deputies in Greene County , Missouri , United States , found the body of Clauddine Dee Dee Blanchard née Pitre ; born May 3 , 1967 , in Chackbay , Louisiana face down in the bedroom of her house just outside Springfield , lying on the bed in a pool of blood from stab wounds inflicted several days earlier . There was no sign of her daughter , Gypsy Rose , who most people thought was 19 . She knew her real age was 23 and had made others aware that she was an adult . It was claimed that Gypsy had chronic conditions including leukemia , asthma , and muscular dystrophy and who had the mental capacity of a seven year old due to brain damage as the result of premature birth . After reading troubling Facebook posts earlier in the evening , concerned neighbors notified the police , reporting that Dee Dee might have fallen victim to foul play and that Gypsy Rose , whose wheelchair and medications were still in the house , might have been abducted . The next day , police found her in Wisconsin , where
Tanner Elle Schneider born July 3 , 1989 , known professionally by her stage name Elle King , is an American singer , musician , songwriter , and actress . Her musical style is influenced by country , rock , and blues . In 2012 , King released her debut EP , The Elle King EP , on RCA ; one track from that EP , Playing for Keeps , is the theme song for VH1 s Mob Wives Chicago series . She released her debut album , Love Stuff , in 2015 . It produced the US top ten single Ex s Oh s , which earned her two Grammy Award nominations . King has also toured with acts such as Of Monsters and Men , Train , James Bay , The Chicks , Heart , Joan Jett , Michael Kiwanuka , and Miranda Lambert . Her parents are actor and comedian Rob Schneider and former model London King . She uses her mother s surname to distinguish herself and her career and identity from her father s , telling ABC News that I think that my voice and my music speaks for itself that I am my own
Saltburn is a 2023 black comedy thriller film written , directed , and co produced by Emerald Fennell , starring Barry Keoghan , Jacob Elordi , Rosamund Pike , Richard E . Grant , Alison Oliver , and Archie Madekwe . Set in Oxford and Northamptonshire , it focuses on a student at Oxford who becomes fixated with a popular , aristocratic fellow student , who later invites him to spend the summer at his eccentric family s estate . Saltburn premiered at the 50th Telluride Film Festival on 31 August 2023 . It was released in cinemas in the United Kingdom on 17 November 2023 and in select cinemas in the United States on the same day . The film had its US wide release on 22 November before its streaming release by Amazon Prime Video on 22 December , on which it became one of the most streamed films . The film received generally positive reviews , and was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards and five BAFTA Film Awards . Plot In late 2006 , scholarship student Oliver Quick struggles to fit in at the University of Oxford because of his inexperience with upper class manners .
Paul Albert Anka born July 30 , 1941 is a Canadian American singer , songwriter and actor . He is best known for his signature hit songs including Diana , Lonely Boy , Put Your Head on My Shoulder , and You re Having My Baby . Anka also wrote the theme for The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson ; one of Tom Jones biggest hits , She s a Lady ; and the English lyrics to Claude François and Jacques Revaux s music for Frank Sinatra s signature song My Way , which has been recorded by many , including Elvis Presley . He co wrote three songs with Michael Jackson This Is It originally titled I Never Heard Love Never Felt So Good , and Don t Matter to Me , which became posthumous hits for Jackson in 2009 , 2014 , and 2018 , respectively . Early life Anka was born in Ottawa , Ontario , to Camelia née Tannis and Andrew Emile Andy Anka Sr . , who owned a restaurant called the Locanda . According to Anka s autobiography , My Way , both of his parents were of Lebanese descent , however , Anka
Salaar Part 1 Ceasefire transl . Commander is a 2023 Indian Telugu language epic action film written and directed by Prashanth Neel and produced by Vijay Kiragandur . It stars Prabhas and Prithviraj Sukumaran , with a supporting cast that includes Shruti Haasan , Jagapathi Babu , Bobby Simha , Tinnu Anand , Easwari Rao , Sriya Reddy and Ramachandra Raju . Set in the fictional dystopian city state of Khansaar , the film follows the friendship between Deva Prabhas , a tribesman , and Varadha Prithviraj , the prince of Khansaar . When a coup d état is planned by his father s ministers and his relatives , Varadha enlists Deva s help to become Khansaar s undisputed ruler . The film s initial story was pitched from Neel s debut film Ugramm 2014 and is the maiden part of a two part film . It was officially announced in December 2020 under the title Salaar , however , in July 2023 , the official title was announced as Salaar Part 1 Ceasefire . Principal photography commenced in January 2021 , and occurred sporadically in several legs over nearly three years , before wrapping in late 2023 . Filming
Billie Joe Armstrong born February 17 , 1972 is an American musician who is the lead vocalist , guitarist , and primary songwriter of the rock band Green Day , which he co founded with Mike Dirnt in 1987 . He is also a guitarist and vocalist for the punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder , and provides lead vocals for Green Day s side projects Foxboro Hot Tubs , the Network , the Longshot and the Coverups . Armstrong has been considered by critics as one of the greatest punk rock guitarists of all time . Armstrong developed an interest in music at a young age , and recorded his first song at the age of five . He met Dirnt while attending elementary school , and the two instantly bonded over their mutual interest in music , forming the band Sweet Children when the two were 14 years old . The band later changed its name to Green Day . Armstrong has also pursued musical projects including numerous collaborations with other musicians . Armstrong s business ventures include founding Adeline Records to help support other bands in 1997 , coinciding with the release of Nimrod . Adeline signed acts
Dunki is a 2023 Indian Hindi language comedy drama film based on the illegal immigration technique called donkey flight . The film is co written , co produced , edited and directed by Rajkumar Hirani , under Rajkumar Hirani Films , along with Jio Studios and Red Chillies Entertainment . It stars Taapsee Pannu , Shah Rukh Khan , Vicky Kaushal billed as a special appearance and Boman Irani . The film was officially announced in April 2022 . Principal photography began the same month and occurred sporadically in several legs . It wrapped by late April 2023 , and filming locations included Mumbai , Jabalpur , Kashmir , Budapest , London , Jeddah and Neom . The film has music composed by Pritam and Shekhar Ravjiani , background score composed by Aman Pant , cinematography handled by C . K . Muraleedharan , Manush Nandan , Amit Roy , and editing by the director Rajkumar Hirani . Dunki was theatrically released worldwide on 21 December 2023 . It has grossed around 418 470 . 6 crore worldwide against a production and marketing budget of 120 crore US 15 million , emerging as the fifth highest grossing Hindi film of
Green Day is an American rock band formed in the East Bay of California in 1987 by lead vocalist and guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong and bassist and backing vocalist Mike Dirnt , with drummer Tré Cool joining in 1990 . In 1994 , their major label debut Dookie , released through Reprise Records , became a breakout success and eventually shipped over 10 million copies in the U . S . Alongside fellow California punk bands Bad Religion , the Offspring , Rancid , NOFX , Pennywise and Social Distortion , Green Day is credited with popularizing mainstream interest in punk rock in the U . S . Before taking its current name in 1989 , the band was named Blood Rage , then Sweet Children . They were part of the late 1980s early 1990s Bay Area punk scene that emerged from the 924 Gilman Street club in Berkeley , California . The band s early releases were with the independent record label Lookout ! Records . For most of the band s career , they have been a power trio with Cool , who replaced John Kiffmeyer in 1990 before the recording of the band s second studio
Jahseh Dwayne Ricardo Onfroy January 23 , 1998 June 18 , 2018 , known professionally as XXXTentacion , Spanish pronunciation tɛntəˈsjɒn was an American rapper and singer songwriter . Though a controversial figure due to his widely publicized legal troubles , XXXTentacion gained a cult following among his young fanbase during his short career with his depression and alienation themed music . Critics and fans often credit him for his musical versatility , with his music exploring emo , trap , trap metal , nu metal , indie rock , lo fi , hip hop , R B , and punk rock . He is considered to be a leading figure in the establishment of the emo rap and SoundCloud rap genres , which garnered mainstream attention during the mid to late 2010s . Born in Plantation , Florida , XXXTentacion spent most of his childhood in Lauderhill . He began writing music after being released from a juvenile detention center and soon started his music career on SoundCloud in 2013 , employing styles and techniques that were unconventional in rap music such as distortion and heavy guitar backed instrumentals , drawing inspiration from third wave emo and grunge .
12th Fail is a 2023 Indian Hindi language biographical drama film directed , produced and written by Vidhu Vinod Chopra . It is based on the 2019 eponymous non fiction book by Anurag Pathak about Manoj Kumar Sharma , who overcame extreme poverty to become an Indian Police Service officer . The film stars Vikrant Massey as Sharma , alongside Medha Shankar , Anant V Joshi , Anshumaan Pushkar , and Priyanshu Chatterjee . Released theatrically on 27 October 2023 , 12th Fail received widespread critical acclaim and emerged as a sleeper hit , grossing over 69 crore US 8 . 6 million worldwide on a 20 crore US 2 . 5 million budget . At the 69th Filmfare Awards , it won five awards , including Best Film , Best Director and Best Actor Critics Massey . Plot Born in the dacoit infested Chambal , Manoj Kumar Sharma is the son of a clerk . His father , an honest man , is suspended for hitting a corrupt officer . Manoj prepares cheat slips for his Class 12 exams , as do all his batchmates . However , a newly transferred police officer , DSP Dushyant Singh , stops
James Todd Smith born January 14 , 1968 , known professionally as LL Cool J short for Ladies Love Cool James , is an American rapper , songwriter , record producer , and actor . He is one of the earliest rappers to achieve commercial success , alongside fellow new school hip hop acts Beastie Boys and Run DMC . Signed to Def Jam Recordings in 1984 , LL Cool J s breakthrough came with his single I Need a Beat and his landmark debut album , Radio 1985 . He achieved further commercial and critical success with the albums Bigger and Deffer 1987 , Walking with a Panther 1989 , Mama Said Knock You Out 1990 , Mr . Smith 1995 , and Phenomenon 1997 . His twelfth album , Exit 13 2008 , was his last in his long tenured deal with Def Jam . LL Cool J has appeared in numerous films , including Halloween H20 , In Too Deep , Any Given Sunday , Deep Blue Sea , S . W . A . T . , Mindhunters , Last Holiday , and Edison . He played NCIS Special Agent Sam Hanna in the CBS crime
Pornhub is a Canadian owned internet pornography video sharing website , one of several owned by adult entertainment conglomerate Aylo . As of March 2024 , Pornhub is the 14th most visited website in the world and the second most visited adult website , after XVideos . The site allows visitors to view pornographic videos from various categories , including professional and amateur pornography , and to upload and share their own videos . Content can be flagged if it violates the website s terms of service . The site also hosts the Pornhub Awards annually . In December 2020 , following a New York Times exposé of non consensual pornography and sex trafficking , payment processors Mastercard and Visa cut their services to Pornhub . Pornhub then removed all videos uploaded by unverified users , reducing the total content from 13 million to 4 million videos . A 2023 documentary , Money Shot The Pornhub Story , covers the opposition to Pornhub and the views of some pornographic performers . History Pornhub was launched on 25 May 2007 by web developer Matt Keezer , as a website within the company Interhub . In March 2010 , the company was
Richard Paul Astley born 6 February 1966 is an English singer . He gained fame through his association with the production trio Stock Aitken Waterman , releasing the 1987 album Whenever You Need Somebody , which sold 15 million copies worldwide . His debut single Never Gonna Give You Up was a No . 1 hit in 25 countries , winning the 1988 Brit Award for Best British Single . His 1988 single Together Forever became his second song to top the US Billboard Hot 100 and was one of his eight songs to reach the Top 10 on the UK Singles Chart . The title track , Whenever You Need Somebody , was also a No . 1 hit . In 1988 Astley followed up his debut album with Hold Me in Your Arms which achieved Platinum and Gold certifications internationally . The lead single She Wants to Dance with Me became a worldwide Top 10 hit . In 1991 he left Stock Aitken Waterman moving his musical direction towards soul , which he explored on his other albums . His 1991 single Cry for Help was Astley s last single to reach the Top 10 in either the
Robert Michael Schneider ; born October 31 , 1963 is an American actor , comedian and anti vaccine activist . After several years performing stand up comedy , Schneider achieved wider success as a cast member and writer for the NBC sketch comedy series Saturday Night Live from 1988 to 1994 . Following his departure from SNL , he went on to a career in feature films , including starring roles in the comedy films Deuce Bigalow Male Gigolo 1999 and its 2005 sequel , The Animal 2001 , The Hot Chick 2002 , The Benchwarmers 2006 , and Big Stan 2007 . Schneider is the father of singer Elle King . Early life Schneider was born in San Francisco , California on October 31 , 1963 , and grew up in the nearby suburb of Pacifica . His parents were Pilar née Monroe , a former kindergarten teacher and ex school board president , and Marvin Schneider , a real estate broker . His father was Jewish and his mother was Catholic . Schneider s maternal grandmother was a Filipina who met and married his grandfather , a white American army private , while he was stationed in the
Margrethe II Danish mɑˈkʁeˀtə ; Margrethe Alexandrine Þórhildur Ingrid , born 16 April 1940 is a member of the Danish royal family who reigned as Queen of Denmark from 14 January 1972 until her abdication on 14 January 2024 . Having reigned for exactly 52 years , she was the second longest reigning Danish monarch after Christian IV . Margrethe was born into the House of Glücksburg , a cadet branch of the House of Oldenburg during the reign of her paternal grandfather , King Christian X . She is the eldest child of King Frederik IX and Queen Ingrid . She became heir presumptive to her father in 1953 , when a constitutional amendment allowed women to inherit the throne . In 1967 , she married Henri de Laborde de Monpezat , with whom she had two sons , Frederik and Joachim . Margrethe succeeded her father upon his death in January 1972 . As sovereign , Margrethe received 42 official state visits and she undertook 55 foreign state visits herself . Margrethe has worked as a scenographer , a costume designer , and an illustrator of works by J . R . R . Tolkien . She and
Jared Joseph Leto LEH toh ; born December 26 , 1971 is an American actor and musician . Known for his method acting in a variety of roles , he has received numerous accolades over a career spanning three decades , including an Academy Award , a Screen Actors Guild Award , and a Golden Globe Award . Additionally , he is recognised for his musicianship and eccentric stage persona as a member of the rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars . After starting his career on the television series My So Called Life 1994 , Leto made his film debut in How to Make an American Quilt 1995 and gained critical attention for his performance in Prefontaine 1997 . After supporting roles in The Thin Red Line 1998 , Fight Club 1999 , Girl , Interrupted 1999 and American Psycho 2000 , he received praise for his lead role as a drug addict in Requiem for a Dream 2000 . He then began focusing increasingly on music , returning to acting with Panic Room 2002 , Alexander 2004 , Lord of War 2005 , Chapter 27 2007 , and Mr . Nobody 2009 . His performance as a trans
Cleopatra VII Thea Philopator Koinē Greek Κλεοπάτρα Θεά Φιλοπάτωρ lit . Cleopatra father loving goddess ; 70 69 BC 10 August 30 BC was Queen of the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt from 51 to 30 BC , and its last active ruler . A member of the Ptolemaic dynasty , she was a descendant of its founder Ptolemy I Soter , a Macedonian Greek general and companion of Alexander the Great . After the death of Cleopatra , Egypt became a province of the Roman Empire , marking the end of the last Hellenistic period state in the Mediterranean and of the age that had lasted since the reign of Alexander 336 323 BC . Her first language was Koine Greek , and she was the only known Ptolemaic ruler to learn the Egyptian language . In 58 BC , Cleopatra presumably accompanied her father , Ptolemy XII Auletes , during his exile to Rome after a revolt in Egypt a Roman client state allowed his rival daughter Berenice IV to claim his throne . Berenice was killed in 55 BC when Ptolemy returned to Egypt with Roman military assistance . When he died in 51 BC , the joint
In the Gregorian calendar , New Year s Eve , also known as Old Year s Day , is the evening or the entire day of the last day of the year , 31 December . In many countries , New Year s Eve is celebrated with dancing , eating , drinking , and watching or lighting fireworks . Some Christians attend a watchnight service . The celebrations generally go on past midnight into New Year s Day , 1 January . The Line Islands part of Kiribati , Samoa and Tonga , in the Pacific Ocean , are the first places to welcome the New Year , while American Samoa , Baker Island and Howland Island part of the United States Minor Outlying Islands are among the last . By region Africa Algeria In Algeria , New Year s Eve is usually celebrated with family and friends . In the largest cities , there are fireworks at midnight . The Martyrs Memorial is the main attraction during the celebration , while some Algerians prefer celebrate outside the country , generally in Tunis or Paris . At 8 PM AST , the President s message of greetings is read on
John Roy Van Zant born February 27 , 1960 , also known as Johnny Van Zant , is an American singer and the current lead vocalist of Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd . He is the younger brother of Lynyrd Skynyrd co founder and former lead vocalist Ronnie Van Zant , and of the 38 Special founder Donnie Van Zant . Biography During the 1970s , Van Zant performed with his first band , the Austin Nickels Band . They later changed their name to The Johnny Van Zant Band releasing their debut solo album , No More Dirty Deals , in 1980 . Early members of the Johnny Van Zant Band consisted of Van Zant on lead vocals , Robbie Gay on guitar , Danny Clausman , on bass , Erik Lundgren on lead guitar , Robbie Morris , drums and Joan Hecht previously Joan Cusimano and Nancy Henderson on background vocals . Van Zant released three more solo albums between 1981 and 1985 , before taking a break from the music business . He became lead vocalist and chief songwriter for the reunited Lynyrd Skynyrd in 1987 and continues to record and perform with them today . He
Paul Jones born Paul Adrian Pond , 24 February 1942 is an English singer , actor , harmonicist , radio personality and television presenter . He first came to prominence as the original lead singer and harmonicist of the rock band Manfred Mann 1962 66 with whom he had several hit records including Do Wah Diddy Diddy UK 1 , US 1 and Pretty Flamingo UK 1 . After leaving the band , Jones established a solo career and notably starred as a deified pop star in the film Privilege 1967 . In 1979 , he formed The Blues Band , and toured with them until their breakup in 2022 . He presented The Blues Show on BBC Radio 2 for thirty two years , from 1986 to 2018 , and continues to perform alongside former Manfred Mann bandmates in The Manfreds . Early life and education Paul Jones was born Paul Adrian Pond in Portsmouth , Hampshire , son of Norman Henry Pond and Amelia Josephine , née Hadfield , later of Worthing , West Sussex . Jones attended The Portsmouth Grammar School , moving to the Edinburgh Academy for his last two years of school before winning an
YouTube is an American online video sharing and social media platform owned by Google . Accessible worldwide , it was launched on February 14 , 2005 , by Steve Chen , Chad Hurley , and Jawed Karim , three former employees of PayPal . Headquartered in San Bruno , California , United States , it is the second most visited website in the world , after Google Search . YouTube has more than 2 . 5 billion monthly users , who collectively watch more than one billion hours of videos every day . As of May 2019 , videos were being uploaded to the platform at a rate of more than 500 hours of content per minute , and as of 2023 , there were approximately 14 billion videos in total . In October 2006 , YouTube was bought by Google for 1 . 65 billion equivalent to 2 . 22 billion in 2022 . Google s ownership of YouTube expanded the site s business model , expanding from generating revenue from advertisements alone to offering paid content such as movies and exclusive content produced by YouTube . It also offers YouTube Premium , a paid subscription option for watching
The following notable deaths occurred in 2024 . Names are reported under the date of death , in alphabetical order . A typical entry reports information in the following sequence Name , age , country of citizenship at birth , subsequent nationality if applicable , what subject was noted for , cause of death if known , and reference . March 23 Shahryar Khan , 89 , Pakistani diplomat , foreign secretary 1990 1994 and chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board 2003 2006 , 2014 2017 . Serhiy Shevchenko , 66 , Ukrainian football player Krystal Kherson , MFK Mykolaiv , FC Bălți and coach . 22 Laurent de Brunhoff , 98 , French author Babar , complications from a stroke . Partha Sarathi Deb , 68 , Indian actor Kakababu Here Gelen ? , Lathi , Prem Aamar . Franz Dietl , 90 , German Roman Catholic prelate , auxiliary bishop of Munich and Freising 1999 2010 . Francisco Gil Craviotto , 91 , Spanish writer , journalist and translator . Tibor Holéczy , 80 , Hungarian Olympic cross country skier 1968 . death announced on this date Thodoros Katsadramis , 94 , Greek actor I Soferina , The
Auld Lang Syne Scots pronunciation ˈɔːl d lɑŋ ˈsəi n ; note s rather than z is a popular Scottish song , particularly in the English speaking world . Traditionally , it is sung to bid farewell to the old year at the stroke of midnight on New Year s Eve Hogmanay . By extension , it is also often heard at funerals , graduations , and as a farewell or ending to other occasions ; for instance , many branches of the Scouting movement use it to close jamborees and other functions . The text is a Scots language poem written by Robert Burns in 1788 but based on an older Scottish folk song . In 1799 , it was set to a traditional tune , which has since become standard . Auld Lang Syne is listed as numbers 6294 and 13892 in the Roud Folk Song Index . The poem s Scots title may be translated into standard English as old long since or , less literally , long long ago , days gone by , times long past or old times . Consequently , For auld lang syne , as it appears in the first line of
Lynyrd Skynyrd is a Southern rock band from Jacksonville , Florida . Formed in 1964 , the group originally included vocalist Ronnie Van Zant , guitarists Gary Rossington and Allen Collins , bassist Larry Junstrom and drummer Bob Burns . The current lineup features guitarist and vocalist Rickey Medlocke from 1971 to 1972 , and since 1996 , lead vocalist Johnny Van Zant since 1987 , drummer Michael Cartellone since 1999 , guitarist Mark Matejka since 2006 , keyboardist Peter Keys since 2009 and bassist Keith Christopher since 2017 The band also tours with two backing vocalists , currently Dale Krantz Rossington since 1987 and Carol Chase since 1996 and guitarist Damon Johnson since 2021 . History 1964 1977 Lynyrd Skynyrd was formed under the name My Backyard in 1964 , which was later changed to The Noble Five , and again to One Percent . The group originally included vocalist Ronnie Van Zant , guitarists Gary Rossington and Allen Collins , bassist Larry Junstrom and drummer Bob Burns , all of whom were students at Robert E . Lee High School . After performing live for several years , the band recorded for the first time in 1971 ,
Joscelyn Eve Stoker born 11 April 1987 , known professionally as Joss Stone , is an English singer , songwriter and actress . She rose to prominence in late 2003 with her multi platinum debut album , The Soul Sessions , which made the 2004 Mercury Prize shortlist . Her second album , Mind Body Soul 2004 , topped the UK Albums Chart and spawned the top ten single You Had Me , Stone s most successful single on the UK Singles Chart to date . Both the album and single received one nomination at the 2005 Grammy Awards , while Stone herself was nominated for Best New Artist , and in an annual BBC poll of music critics , Sound of 2004 , was ranked fifth as a predicted breakthrough act of 2004 . She became the youngest British female singer to top the UK Albums Chart . Stone s third album , Introducing Joss Stone , released in March 2007 , achieved gold record status by the Recording Industry Association of America RIAA and yielded the second ever highest debut for a British female solo artist on the Billboard 200 , and became Stone s first top five
The 2024 PDC World Darts Championship known for sponsorship reasons as the 2023 24 Paddy Power World Darts Championship was a professional darts event that took place at Alexandra Palace in London , England , from 15 December 2023 to 3 January 2024 . It was the 31st World Darts Championship to be organised by the Professional Darts Corporation . Michael Smith was the defending champion , having defeated Michael van Gerwen 7 4 in the 2023 final . However , Smith lost 4 0 to Chris Dobey in the fourth round . For the first time since the 2006 event , all four semi finalists Rob Cross , Luke Humphries , Luke Littler and Scott Williams were English . For the first time since the 2010 event , two unseeded players Littler and Williams reached the final four . The third seed Luke Humphries won his first World Championship title , defeating 16 year old debutant Luke Littler 7 4 in the final . He also became world number 1 for the first time in his career . The event sponsor pledged to donate 1 , 000 to the charity Prostate Cancer UK for every 180 scored during the
Luke Littler born 21 January 2007 is an English professional darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation PDC events . He is the current PDC World Youth Champion , the current Bahrain Masters Champion , and the current Belgian Darts Open champion . Littler is also the youngest player to have won a match in the WDF World Darts Championship , and PDC World Darts Championship . Additionally , he is the youngest player to reach the PDC World Darts Championship final , aged 16 years , and both the youngest ever player to hit a televised nine dart finish and the youngest to hit 2 televised nine darters ; the first one he achieved , at the 2024 Bahrain Darts Masters aged 16 , and the second , he achieved at the 2024 Belgian Darts Open aged 17 . As well as this , Littler is the youngest ever player to hit a broadcast nine darter . He achieved the feat at the age of 14 in 2021 . Early life Littler was born on 21 January 2007 in Runcorn and grew up in nearby Warrington . He began playing darts when he was 18 months old ,
J . Robert Oppenheimer born Julius Robert Oppenheimer ; OP ən hy mər ; April 22 , 1904 February 18 , 1967 was an American theoretical physicist . He was director of the Manhattan Project s Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II and is often called the father of the atomic bomb . Born in New York City , Oppenheimer earned a bachelor of arts degree in chemistry from Harvard University in 1925 and a doctorate in physics from the University of Göttingen in Germany in 1927 , where he studied under Max Born . After research at other institutions , he joined the physics department at the University of California , Berkeley , where he became a full professor in 1936 . He made significant contributions to theoretical physics , including achievements in quantum mechanics and nuclear physics such as the Born Oppenheimer approximation for molecular wave functions , work on the theory of electrons and positrons , the Oppenheimer Phillips process in nuclear fusion , and early work on quantum tunneling . With his students , he also made contributions to the theory of neutron stars and black holes , quantum field theory , and the interactions
Anderson Hays Cooper born June 3 , 1967 is an American broadcast journalist and political commentator currently anchoring the CNN news broadcast show Anderson Cooper 360 . In addition to his duties at CNN , Cooper serves as a correspondent for 60 Minutes on CBS News . After graduating from Yale University with a Bachelor of Arts in 1989 , he began traveling the world , shooting footage of war torn regions for Channel One News . Cooper was hired by ABC News as a correspondent in 1995 , but he soon took more jobs throughout the network , working for a short time as a co anchor , reality game show host , and fill in morning talk show host . In 2001 , Cooper joined CNN , where he was given his own show , Anderson Cooper 360 , in 2003 ; he has remained the show s host since . He developed a reputation for his on the ground reporting of breaking news events , with his coverage of Hurricane Katrina causing his popularity to sharply increase . For his coverage of the 2010 Haiti earthquake , Cooper received a National Order of Honour and Merit ,
The Sugababes are an English girl group composed of Mutya Buena , Keisha Buchanan and Siobhán Donaghy . The lineup changed three times before returning to the original lineup in 2011 . Formed in 1998 by Ron Tom , the manager of All Saints , Sugababes released their debut album , One Touch , through London Records in November 2000 . It achieved moderate success and produced the top ten single Overload . In 2001 , Donaghy was replaced by Heidi Range . With Range , Sugababes released three multi platinum albums Angels with Dirty Faces 2002 , Three 2003 and Taller in More Ways 2005 . In December 2005 , Buena was replaced by Amelle Berrabah . Following the release of their first greatest hits album , the Sugababes released the albums Change 2007 and Catfights and Spotlights 2008 . In 2009 , after 11 years in Sugababes , Buchanan , the final original member , was replaced by Jade Ewen . Sugababes released Sweet 7 2010 , after which they signed to RCA Records , before taking an indefinite hiatus in 2011 . That year , the original lineup re formed as Mutya Keisha Siobhan and released the
Leave the World Behind is a 2023 American apocalyptic psychological thriller film written and directed by Sam Esmail . It is based on the 2020 novel by Rumaan Alam . The film stars Julia Roberts , Mahershala Ali , Ethan Hawke , Myha la , and Kevin Bacon as they attempt to make sense of the sequential rapid breakdown in phones , television , and other regularly used technology which points to a potential cataclysm . Leave the World Behind had its world premiere at the AFI Fest on October 25 , 2023 . It was released in select theaters on November 22 , 2023 , before its streaming release by Netflix on December 8 , 2023 . It received positive reviews from critics . Plot Misanthrope Amanda Sandford arranges an impromptu weekend getaway at a vacation rental to spend quality time together with her husband Clay and their kids , Archie and Rose . While shopping for groceries , Amanda sees a man stocking up on large quantities of canned food and water . Later , while the family relaxes at a nearby beach , they evade an oil tanker that runs ashore . When they return to the
Lainey Denay Wilson born May 19 , 1992 is an American country music singer songwriter . Wilson performed from an early age , before going to Nashville , Tennessee , to pursue a career as a country performer . In 2014 , she released her first album , followed by a second on the Lone Chief label in 2016 . Wilson secured a publishing deal and later released an extended play EP in 2019 , which included the song Things a Man Oughta Know . In 2020 , it was issued as a single through the BBR Music Group and eventually reached number one on the American country songs chart . Wilson has received seven Country Music Association Awards , including winning their top honor Entertainer of the Year in 2023 . She has also received a Grammy Award and six Academy of Country Music Awards . Early life Lainey Wilson was raised in Baskin , Louisiana , a town of only 250 people . Her father , Brian , was a farmer while her mother , Michelle , was a schoolteacher . She also has a sister , Janna . She became interested in music at a young age
Patricia Ann Cole born October 3 , 1946 , known professionally as P . P . Arnold , is an American soul singer . Arnold began her career as an Ikette with the Ike Tina Turner Revue in 1965 . The following year she relocated to London to pursue a solo career . Arnold enjoyed considerable success in the United Kingdom with her singles The First Cut Is the Deepest 1967 and Angel of the Morning 1968 . Early life Arnold was born into a family of gospel singers , and performed as a vocal soloist for the first time when she was four years old . Her family lived in the African American Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles . She married early and had two children , Kevin and Debbie . Arnold worked two jobs , one in an office and the other in food manufacturing . Career 1960s Arnold credited her friendship from 1964 onwards with Tina Turner for helping to kick start her ultimately successful singing career and for acting as her mentor . Speaking with Jools Holland on BBC Two in December 2023 she gave an insight into the loss of Turner . In 1965 ,
Leonard Bernstein BURN styne born Louis Bernstein ; August 25 , 1918 October 14 , 1990 was an American conductor , composer , pianist , music educator , author , and humanitarian . Considered to be one of the most important conductors of his time , he was the first American born conductor to receive international acclaim . Bernstein was one of the most prodigiously talented and successful musicians in American history according to music critic Donal Henahan . Bernstein s honors and accolades include seven Emmy Awards , two Tony Awards , and 16 Grammy Awards including the Lifetime Achievement Award as well as an Academy Award nomination . He received the Kennedy Center Honor in 1981 . As a composer , Bernstein wrote in many genres , including symphonic and orchestral music , ballet , film and theatre music , choral works , opera , chamber music , and pieces for the piano . Bernstein s works include the Broadway musical West Side Story , which continues to be regularly performed worldwide , and has been adapted into two 1961 and 2021 feature films , three symphonies , Serenade after Plato s Symposium 1954 , and Chichester Psalms
Elvis Aaron Presley January 8 , 1935 August 16 , 1977 , also known mononymously as Elvis , was an American singer and actor . Known as the King of Rock and Roll , he is regarded as one of the most significant cultural figures of the 20th century . Presley s energized interpretations of songs and sexually provocative performance style , combined with a singularly potent mix of influences across color lines during a transformative era in race relations , brought both great success and initial controversy . Presley was born in Tupelo , Mississippi ; his family relocated to Memphis , Tennessee , when he was 13 . His music career began there in 1954 , at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips , who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience . Presley , on guitar and accompanied by lead guitarist Scotty Moore and bassist Bill Black , was a pioneer of rockabilly , an uptempo , backbeat driven fusion of country music and rhythm and blues . In 1955 , drummer D . J . Fontana joined to complete the lineup of Presley s classic quartet and RCA Victor acquired
Sir Roderick David Stewart born 10 January 1945 is a British rock and pop singer and songwriter . Born and raised in London , he is of Scottish and English ancestry . With his distinctive raspy singing voice , Stewart is among the best selling music artists of all time , having sold more than 120 million records worldwide . He has had 10 number one albums and 31 top ten singles in the UK , six of which reached number one . Stewart has had 16 top ten singles in the US , with four reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100 . He was knighted in the 2016 Birthday Honours for services to music and charity . Stewart s music career began in 1962 when he took up busking with a harmonica . In 1963 , he joined The Dimensions as a harmonica player and vocalist . In 1964 , Stewart joined Long John Baldry and the All Stars before moving to the Jeff Beck Group in 1967 . Joining Faces in 1969 , he also maintained a solo career releasing his debut album that year . Stewart s early albums were a fusion of rock ,
Ronald Wayne Van Zant January 15 , 1948 October 20 , 1977 was an American singer , best known as the original lead vocalist , primary lyricist and a founding member of the southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd . He was the older brother of Johnny Van Zant , the current Lynyrd Skynyrd lead vocalist , and Donnie Van Zant , the founder and vocalist of the rock band . 38 Special . Early life He was born and raised in Jacksonville , Florida , to Lacy Austin 1915 2004 and Marion Virginia née Hicks Van Zant 1929 2000 . Ronnie aspired to be many things before finding his love for music . A fan of boxer Muhammad Ali , he considered a career in boxing , and while playing American Legion baseball also considered a career in professional baseball . Career Lynyrd Skynyrd Van Zant formed a band called My Backyard late in the summer of 1964 with friends and schoolmates Allen Collins guitar , Gary Rossington guitar , Larry Junstrom bass , and Bob Burns drums . The quintet went through several names before deciding on Lynyrd Skynyrd , as a mock tribute to their high school gym
Andrew Joseph Cohen born June 2 , 1968 is an American radio and television talk show host , producer , and writer . He is the host and executive producer of The Real Housewives franchise and Bravo s late night talk show , Watch What Happens Live ! He also hosts a two hour show with co host John Hill twice a week on Sirius XM . Cohen served as Bravo s executive vice president of Development and Talent until 2013 . He was responsible for creating original content , developing innovative formats , and identifying new talent . Cohen also served as executive producer on the James Beard award winning reality cooking competition television show , Top Chef . He also hosted the revival of the television dating show Love Connection . He has been awarded a Primetime Emmy Award , and two Peabody Awards . Early life Andy was born in St . Louis , Missouri , to Evelyn and Lou Cohen . He has a sister , Emily Rosenfeld . He is Jewish , with roots in Poland , Russia , and Lithuania . Cohen graduated from Clayton High School in 1986 . He is a graduate
Rebel Moon Part One A Child of Fire , or simply Rebel Moon , is a 2023 American epic space opera film directed by Zack Snyder from a screenplay he co wrote with Kurt Johnstad and Shay Hatten , based on a story Snyder conceived . Its ensemble cast features Sofia Boutella , Djimon Hounsou , Ed Skrein , Michiel Huisman , Doona Bae , Ray Fisher , Charlie Hunnam , and Anthony Hopkins . The film is set in a fictional galaxy ruled by the imperialistic Motherworld , whose military , the Imperium , threatens a farming colony on the moon of Veldt . Kora , a former Imperium soldier , ventures on a quest to recruit warriors from across the galaxy to make a stand against the Imperium before they return to Veldt . Following a limited theatrical release on December 15 , 2023 , Rebel Moon was released by Netflix on December 22 . It received generally negative reviews from critics . An R rated extended cut is set for release in mid 2024 , and a sequel , Rebel Moon Part Two The Scargiver , is scheduled for release on April 19 , 2024 . Plot
Jason Bradley DeFord born December 4 , 1984 , known professionally as Jelly Roll often stylized as JellyRoll , is an American country singer , rapper and songwriter from Antioch , Tennessee . Beginning his career in 2003 , he rose to mainstream prominence following the release of his singles Need a Favor 2023 and Son of a Sinner 2021 , the latter of which won three CMT Music Awards . That same year , he received a Grammy Award nomination for Best New Artist . Early life DeFord was raised in the Antioch neighborhood of Nashville , Tennessee . His father was a meat salesman and worked as a bookie on the side ; his mother suffered from mental illness and addiction . At age 14 , he and several others were arrested and charged with multiple counts of possession of marijuana and attempted robbery . Career Before his transition into country music , Jelly Roll launched his career in hip hop . After being inspired by rappers such as Three 6 Mafia , UGK , and 8Ball MJG . He sold mixtapes out of his car , starting with a string of releases from his first project The
Rita Sahatçiu Ora Albanian ˈɾita sahatˈtʃiu ˈɔɾa ; born Rita Sahatçiu ; 26 November 1990 is a British singer and songwriter . She rose to prominence in February 2012 when she featured on DJ Fresh s single , Hot Right Now , which reached number one in the UK . Her debut studio album , Ora , released in August 2012 , debuted at number one in the United Kingdom . The album contained the UK number one singles , R . I . P . and How We Do Party . Ora was the artist with the most number one singles on the UK Singles Chart in 2012 , with three singles reaching the top position . Born in Pristina , modern day Kosovo , Ora was named an Honorary Ambassador of Kosovo in 2015 . Ora s second studio album , Phoenix , was released in November 2018 . The lead single , Your Song , reached the UK top ten , and the subsequent singles , Anywhere and Let You Love Me , reached the top five in the UK . Let You Love Me made Ora the first British female solo artist to have thirteen top
Fool Me Once is a British thriller television series , produced by Quay Street Productions for Netflix . It is adapted from the 2016 Harlan Coben novel of the same name , by Danny Brocklehurst . It features Michelle Keegan , Adeel Akhtar , Dino Fetscher , Richard Armitage and Joanna Lumley . It premiered on Netflix on 1 January 2024 . As of 17 March 2024 it is the seventh most viewed English language Netflix series of all time with 95 . 5 million viewers and 613 , 100 , 000 hours watched . Synopsis Following the murder of her husband Joe Burkett Richard Armitage , Maya Stern Michelle Keegan was given a nanny cam by her friend , Eva Finn Adelle Leonce to watch over her daughter , Lily . However , after watching the camera footage , she sees Joe , who was presumed dead , visiting their daughter . Meanwhile , Abby Dänya Griver and Daniel Daniel Burt , her niece and nephew , seek to find the truth about their mother , Claire Walker s Natalie Anderson murder and the possible connections between both cases . Cast Episodes Production Development The series is set in
The British Post Office scandal , sometimes called the Horizon IT scandal , arose from faulty software , provided by Fujitsu and known as Horizon , creating false shortfalls in the accounts of thousands of subpostmasters . It has been described as one of the most widespread miscarriages of justice in British history . Between 1999 and 2015 , over 900 subpostmasters were convicted of theft , fraud and false accounting based on faulty Horizon data , with about 700 of these prosecutions carried out by the Post Office . Other subpostmasters were prosecuted but not convicted , forced to cover Horizon shortfalls with their own money , or had their contracts terminated . The court cases , criminal convictions , imprisonments , loss of livelihoods and homes , debts and bankruptcies , took a heavy toll on the victims and their families , leading to stress , illness , family breakdown , and at least four suicides . Although many subpostmasters had reported problems with the new software , the Post Office insisted that Horizon was robust and failed to disclose its knowledge of faults in the system while securing convictions . In 2009 , Computer Weekly broke the
2024 MMXXIV is the current year , and is a leap year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar , the 2024th year of the Common Era CE and Anno Domini AD designations , the 24th year of the 3rd millennium and the 21st century , and the 5th year of the 2020s decade . So far , this year has witnessed the continuation of major armed conflicts , including the Russian invasion of Ukraine , the Myanmar civil war , the war in Sudan , and the Islamist insurgency in the Sahel . The continuation of the Israel Hamas war has further caused spillover into many countries , including a crisis in the Red Sea impacting global shipping . Approximately 79 countries , representing around four billion people , are expected to conduct national elections throughout the course of the year , including eight out of ten of the world s most populous countries Bangladesh , Brazil , Pakistan , Russia , India , Mexico , Indonesia , and the United States . The European Parliament will also hold elections . Events January January 1 Egypt , Ethiopia , Iran and the United Arab Emirates become BRICS members .
Thirty Seconds to Mars commonly stylized as 30 Seconds to Mars is an American rock band from Los Angeles , California , formed in 1998 . The band consists of brothers Jared Leto lead vocals , guitar , bass , keyboards and Shannon Leto drums , percussion . During the course of its existence , it has undergone various line up changes with the Leto brothers being the only consistent members . The band s debut album , 30 Seconds to Mars 2002 , was produced by Bob Ezrin and released to positive reviews but only to limited commercial success . The band achieved worldwide fame with the release of its second album A Beautiful Lie 2005 , which received multiple certifications all over the world . Its next release , This Is War 2009 , showed a dramatic evolution in the band s musical style , as it incorporated experimental music as well as eclectic influences . The recording process of the album was marked by a legal dispute with record label EMI that eventually became the subject of the documentary film Artifact 2012 . Thirty Seconds to Mars then moved to Universal Music and released the fourth album
Barry Keoghan KYOH gən ; born 17 October 1992 is an Irish actor . He has received various accolades , including a British Academy Film Award , and has been nominated for an Academy Award and two Golden Globe Awards . In 2020 , he was listed at number 27 on The Irish Times list of Ireland s greatest film actors . Keoghan began acting in 2011 and gained recognition in 2017 for his roles in Christopher Nolan s Dunkirk and Yorgos Lanthimos s The Killing of a Sacred Deer . He gained praise for his performances in the Irish crime film Calm with Horses 2019 and in the fantasy film The Green Knight 2021 . He expanded to big budget films with his role as Druig in the Marvel Cinematic Universe film Eternals 2021 . In 2022 he appeared in Martin McDonagh s The Banshees of Inisherin , for which he won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role and received nominations for the Golden Globe and Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor . Keoghan then starred in the psychological drama Saltburn 2023 , for which he gained nominations for a Golden Globe and BAFTA Award
James Joseph Harbaugh HAR baw ; born December 23 , 1963 is an American football coach and former quarterback who is the head coach of the Los Angeles Chargers of the National Football League NFL . He previously served as the head coach at the University of Michigan from 2015 to 2023 , the San Francisco 49ers from 2011 to 2014 , Stanford University from 2007 to 2010 and the University of San Diego from 2004 to 2006 . Harbaugh played college football at Michigan from 1983 to 1986 and played in the National Football League NFL for 14 seasons from 1987 to 2000 with his longest tenure 1987 1993 as a player with the Chicago Bears . Harbaugh was born in Toledo , Ohio . His father , Jack Harbaugh , was a football coach , and the family lived in Ohio , Kentucky , Iowa , Michigan , and California . He attended high school in Ann Arbor , Michigan , and Palo Alto , California , when his father was an assistant coach at Michigan and Stanford , respectively . After graduation from high school in Palo Alto in 1982 , Harbaugh returned to Ann Arbor and
Rachel Agatha Keen born 24 October 1997 , known professionally as Raye stylised in all caps , is an English singer , songwriter and record producer . Her debut studio album , My 21st Century Blues 2023 was released independently to critical and commercial success , and won Album of the Year at the 2024 BRIT Awards . Among five other awards for which she was a recipient , RAYE broke the record for most wins and nominations received at the ceremony in a single year . Before her breakthrough as solo artist , she wrote songs for other acts , namely Beyoncé , Little Mix , Rihanna , David Guetta , John Legend and Ellie Goulding . She rose to prominence after her guest appearances on the commercially successful 2016 singles By Your Side by Jonas Blue and You Don t Know Me by Jax Jones , as well as her 2020 single Secrets with Regard and Bed with David Guetta and Joel Corry the following year . She gained media attention following her departure from Polydor Records in the latter year , after the label allegedly refused to release her debut album . Her 2022 single Escapism featuring
Steamboat Willie is a 1928 American animated short film directed by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks . It was produced in black and white by Walt Disney Studio and was released by Pat Powers , under the name of Celebrity Productions . The cartoon is considered the debut of both Mickey and Minnie Mouse , although both characters appeared several months earlier in a test screening of Plane Crazy . Steamboat Willie was the third of Mickey s films to be produced , but it was the first to be distributed , because Disney , having seen The Jazz Singer , had committed himself to produce one of the first fully synchronized sound cartoons . Steamboat Willie is especially notable for being one of the first cartoons with synchronized sound , as well as one of the first cartoons to feature a fully post produced soundtrack , which distinguished it from earlier sound cartoons , such as Inkwell Studios Song Car Tunes 1924 1926 , My Old Kentucky Home 1926 and Van Beuren Studios Dinner Time 1928 . Disney believed that synchronized sound was the future of film . Steamboat Willie became the most popular cartoon of its day .
This is a ranking of the highest grossing Indian films which includes films from various languages based on the conservative global box office estimates as reported by reputable sources . There is no official tracking of domestic box office figures within India , and Indian sites publishing data are frequently pressured to increase their domestic box office estimates . Indian films have been screened in markets around the world since the early 20th century . As of 2003 , there are markets in over 90 countries where films from India are screened . During the first decade of the 21st century , there was a steady rise in the ticket price , a tripling in the number of theatres and an increase in the number of prints of a film being released , which led to a large increase in the box office collections . As of 2014 , Hindi cinema represents 43 of the net box office revenue in India , while Telugu and Tamil cinema represent 36 , and other industries constitute 21 . In 2019 , the Hindi film industry represented 44 of box office revenue , followed by the Telugu and the Tamil film industries ,
The Rose Bowl is an outdoor athletic stadium located in Pasadena , California . Opened in October 1922 , the stadium is recognized as a National Historic Landmark and a California Historic Civil Engineering landmark . At a modern capacity of an all seated configuration at 92 , 542 , the Rose Bowl is the 16th largest stadium in the world , the 11th largest stadium in the United States , and the 10th largest NCAA stadium . The stadium is 10 miles 16 km northeast of downtown Los Angeles . The Rose Bowl is best known as a college football venue , specifically as the host of the annual Rose Bowl Game for which it is named . Since 1982 , it has served as the home stadium of the UCLA Bruins football team . Five Super Bowl games , third most of any venue , have been played in the stadium . The Rose Bowl is a noted soccer venue , having hosted the 1994 FIFA World Cup Final , 1999 FIFA Women s World Cup Final , and the 1984 Olympic Soccer Gold Medal Match , as well as numerous CONCACAF and United States Soccer Federation matches
Facebook is a social media and social networking service owned by the American technology conglomerate Meta Platforms . Created in 2004 by Mark Zuckerberg with four other Harvard College students and roommates Eduardo Saverin , Andrew McCollum , Dustin Moskovitz , and Chris Hughes , its name derives from the face book directories often given to American university students . Membership was initially limited to Harvard students , gradually expanding to other North American universities . Since 2006 , Facebook allows everyone to register from 13 years old or older , except in the case of a handful of nations , where the age limit is 14 years . As of December 2022 , Facebook claimed 3 billion monthly active users . As of October 2023 , Facebook ranked as the 3rd most visited website in the world , with 22 . 56 of its traffic coming from the United States . It was the most downloaded mobile app of the 2010s . Facebook can be accessed from devices with Internet connectivity , such as personal computers , tablets and smartphones . After registering , users can create a profile revealing information about themselves . They can post text ,
Martha Ivelisse Pesante Rodríguez born March 4 , 1972 , known professionally as Ivy Queen , is a Puerto Rican singer , rapper , songwriter , and actress . She is considered one of the pioneers of the reggaeton genre , commonly referred to as the Queen of Reggaeton . Ivy Queen began her career as a member of the otherwise all male collective The Noise in San Juan , Puerto Rico . There , she performed her first song Somos Raperos Pero No Delincuentes We are Rappers , Not Delinquents . Ivy Queen went solo in 1996 , and released her debut studio album En Mi Imperio In My Empire which was quickly picked up by Sony Discos for distribution in 1997 . She later released The Original Rude Girl , her second studio album for Sony label , which spawned the hit single In the Zone . However , Ivy Queen did not rise to fame until she moved to an independent record label to release her third studio album , Diva in 2003 . Ivy Queen s albums Diva , Flashback , and Sentimiento have all been awarded Gold and Platinum record status by the Recording Industry
Ryan John Seacrest born December 24 , 1974 is an American television presenter and producer . Seacrest co hosted and served as executive producer of Live with Kelly and Ryan , and has hosted other media including American Idol , American Top 40 , and On Air with Ryan Seacrest . He became co host and executive producer of Dick Clark s New Year s Rockin Eve in 2006 , following Clark s death in 2012 . Seacrest received Emmy Award nominations for American Idol each year from 2004 to 2013 , and once more in 2016 . He won an Emmy for his work on Jamie Oliver s Food Revolution in 2010 , and was nominated once more in 2012 . In 2018 , he received nominations for Live with Kelly and Ryan in the categories of Outstanding Talk Show Entertainment as well as Outstanding Entertainment Talk Show Host . In September 2024 , Seacrest will become the host of Wheel of Fortune , replacing Pat Sajak . Early life Ryan John Seacrest was born in Atlanta on December 24 , 1974 , the son of homemaker Constance Marie née Zullinger and real estate lawyer Gary Lee Seacrest .
Rick Medlocke born February 17 , 1950 is an American musician , best known as the frontman guitarist for the Southern rock band Blackfoot and a member of Lynyrd Skynyrd . During his first stint with Lynyrd Skynyrd from 1971 to 1972 , he played drums and sang lead on a few songs that would initially be released on 1978 s First and . . . Last . Medlocke would rejoin Blackfoot in 1972 and later returned to Lynyrd Skynyrd in 1996 as a guitarist with whom he continues to tour and record today . Being of self identified Native American ancestry , specifically Lakota Sioux and Cherokee , Medlocke was inducted into the Native American Music Hall of Fame in 2008 . Early life Rickey Medlocke was born Rickey Lynn Green on February 17 , 1950 , in Jacksonville , Florida . He was raised by his maternal grandparents . His grandfather , Paul Shorty Medlocke , was a bluegrass musician and taught his grandson to play a miniature banjo . Medlocke started performing onstage at age three , and his musical abilities increased over the years . He began teaching himself to play the guitar by age five
The Premier League is the highest level of the English football league system . Contested by 20 clubs , it operates on a system of promotion and relegation with the English Football League EFL . Seasons typically run from August to May , with each team playing 38 matches against all other teams , both home and away . Most games are played on Saturday and Sunday afternoons , with occasional weekday evening fixtures . The competition was founded as the FA Premier League on 20 February 1992 following the decision of First Division top tier league from 1888 until 1992 clubs to break away from the English Football League . However , teams may still be relegated to and promoted from the EFL Championship . The Premier League takes advantage of a 5 billion television rights deal , with Sky and BT Group securing the domestic rights to broadcast 128 and 32 games , respectively . This deal will rise to 6 . 7 billion for the four seasons from 2025 to 2029 . The league is projected to earn 7 . 2bn in overseas TV rights from 2022 to 2025 . The Premier League is a corporation managed
Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom is a 2023 American superhero film based on DC Comics featuring the character Aquaman . Produced by DC Studios , Atomic Monster , the Safran Company , and Domain Entertainment , and distributed by Warner Bros . Pictures , it is the sequel to Aquaman 2018 , and the 15th and final film in the DC Extended Universe DCEU . The film was directed by James Wan from a screenplay by David Leslie Johnson McGoldrick , and stars Jason Momoa as Arthur Curry Aquaman , alongside Patrick Wilson , Amber Heard , Yahya Abdul Mateen II , Randall Park , Dolph Lundgren , Temuera Morrison , Martin Short , and Nicole Kidman . In the film , Arthur must work with his half brother Orm Wilson to prevent Black Manta Abdul Mateen II from killing his family and using the cursed Black Trident to overheat the world while searching for the lost seventh kingdom of the seas . Momoa pitched a story for an Aquaman sequel during production of the first film . Wan did not want to rush a sequel but agreed in January 2019 to oversee development . Johnson McGoldrick signed on to
Killers of the Flower Moon is a 2023 American epic Western crime drama film co written , produced , and directed by Martin Scorsese . Eric Roth and Scorsese based their screenplay on the 2017 non fiction book by David Grann . Set in 1920s Oklahoma , it focuses on a series of murders of Osage members and relations in the Osage Nation after oil was discovered on tribal land . The tribal members had retained mineral rights on their reservation , but a corrupt local political boss sought to steal the wealth . Leonardo DiCaprio , Robert De Niro , and Lily Gladstone lead an ensemble cast , also including Jesse Plemons , Tantoo Cardinal , John Lithgow , and Brendan Fraser . It is the sixth feature film collaboration between Scorsese and DiCaprio , the tenth between Scorsese and De Niro , the second between Scorsese and both actors overall , and the eleventh and final between Scorsese and composer Robbie Robertson , who died two months prior to the film s release . The film is dedicated to Robertson . Development began in March 2016 when Imperative Entertainment won the adaptation rights to the book . Scorsese
Thomas Geoffrey Wilkinson 5 February 1948 30 December 2023 was an English actor . Known for his roles on stage and screen , he received numerous accolades including a BAFTA Award , a Golden Globe Award , and a Primetime Emmy Award as well as nominations for two Academy Awards and two Laurence Olivier Awards . In 2005 , he was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire OBE . Wilkinson trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art before making his West End debut portraying Horatio in Hamlet 1980 for which he received a nomination for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role . He returned to the West End playing Dr . Stockmann in the Henrik Ibsen play An Enemy of the People 1988 receiving a Laurence Olivier Award for Actor of the Year in a Revival nomination . Wilkinson received the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for The Full Monty 1997 as well as two Academy Award nominations , one for Best Actor for In the Bedroom 2001 and Best Supporting Actor for Michael Clayton 2007 . He became known as a character actor , acting
Lisa Marie Presley February 1 , 1968 January 12 , 2023 was an American singer and songwriter . She was the only child of singer and actor Elvis Presley and actress Priscilla Presley , as well as the sole heir to her father s estate after her grandfather and her great grandmother died . Her musical career consisted of three studio albums To Whom It May Concern 2003 , Now What 2005 and Storm Grace 2012 , with To Whom It May Concern being certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America . Presley also released non album singles , including duets with her father using archival recordings . Early life Presley was born on February 1 , 1968 , the only daughter of Elvis and Priscilla Presley at Baptist Memorial Hospital Memphis in Memphis , Tennessee , nine months to the day after her parents wedding . After her parents divorced , she lived with her mother in Los Angeles , and frequently stayed with her father at Graceland in Memphis . Presley s parents separated when she was four years old . When her father died in August 1977 , nine year old Presley became joint heiress
The Rose Bowl Game is an annual American college football bowl game , traditionally played on January 1 New Year s Day at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California . When New Year s Day falls on a Sunday , the game is played on Monday , January 2 . Nicknamed The Granddaddy of Them All by broadcaster Keith Jackson , it was the first postseason football game ever established . The Rose Bowl Game was first played in 1902 as the Tournament East West football game , and has been played annually since 1916 . Since 1945 , it has been the highest attended college football bowl game . The game is a part of the Pasadena Tournament of Roses Association s America s New Year Celebration , which also includes the historic Rose Parade . Winners of the game receive the Leishman Trophy , named for former Tournament of Roses presidents , William L . Leishman and Lathrop K . Leishman who played an important part in the history of this game . The Rose Bowl Game has hosted the conference champions from the Big Ten and Pac 12 conferences or their predecessors since 1947 . Since
Happy New Year sometimes abbreviated as HNY is a 2014 Indian Hindi language action comedy film directed by Farah Khan and produced by Gauri Khan under the banner of Red Chillies Entertainment . The film features an ensemble cast of Shah Rukh Khan , Deepika Padukone , Abhishek Bachchan , Sonu Sood , Boman Irani , Vivaan Shah and Jackie Shroff . It was distributed worldwide by Yash Raj Films . In the film , a bunch of losers transform themselves into a team that wins over the hearts of the people in the city and across the world , all as part of their quest to pull off the biggest diamond heist ever seen . Made on a total budget of 150 crore US 24 . 58 million , the film marked the third collaboration of the lead actor , producer and director ; they previously worked on Main Hoon Na 2004 and Om Shanti Om 2007 , the latter of which also featured Padukone as the female lead . Happy New Year was released on Diwali 2014 with dubbed versions in Tamil and Telugu , and gained around 4 , 200 screens in Hindi and 800 screens in
On October 20 , 1977 , a Convair CV 240 passenger aircraft ran out of fuel and crashed in a wooded area near Gillsburg , Mississippi , United States . Chartered by the rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd from L J Company of Addison , Texas , it was flying from Greenville , South Carolina , to Baton Rouge , Louisiana , crashing near its destination . Lynyrd Skynyrd lead vocalist and founding member Ronnie Van Zant , guitarist and vocalist Steve Gaines , backing vocalist Cassie Gaines Steve s older sister , assistant road manager Dean Kilpatrick , Captain Walter McCreary and First Officer William John Gray all died as a result of the crash , while twenty others survived . The tragedy abruptly halted Lynyrd Skynyrd s career until Van Zant s brother Johnny reformed the band ten years later . Crash On October 19 , 1977 , two days after releasing their album Street Survivors , Lynyrd Skynyrd performed at the Greenville Memorial Auditorium in Greenville , South Carolina . The following day they boarded a Convair CV 240 airplane to take them to Baton Rouge , Louisiana , where they were to perform at Louisiana State University
Taylor Alison Swift born December 13 , 1989 is an American singer songwriter . Her artistry and entrepreneurship have influenced the music industry and popular culture . A subject of widespread public interest , Swift is an advocate of artists rights and has had a political impact . Swift began professional songwriting at age 14 . She signed with Big Machine Records in 2005 and achieved prominence as a country pop singer with the albums Taylor Swift 2006 and Fearless 2008 . Their singles Teardrops on My Guitar , Love Story , and You Belong with Me were crossover successes on country and pop radio formats and brought Swift mainstream fame . She experimented with rock and electronic styles on her next albums , Speak Now 2010 and Red 2012 , respectively , with the latter featuring her first Billboard Hot 100 number one single , We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together . Swift recalibrated her image from country to pop with 1989 2014 , a synth pop album containing the chart topping songs Shake It Off , Blank Space , and Bad Blood . Media scrutiny inspired the hip hop influenced Reputation 2017 and its number one single
Oppenheimer is a 2023 epic biographical thriller film written , directed , and co produced by Christopher Nolan . It follows the life of J . Robert Oppenheimer , the American theoretical physicist who helped develop the first nuclear weapons during World War II . Based on the 2005 biography American Prometheus by Kai Bird and Martin J . Sherwin , the film chronicles Oppenheimer s studies , his direction of the Los Alamos Laboratory , and his fall from grace after his 1954 security hearing . Cillian Murphy stars as Oppenheimer , alongside Robert Downey Jr . as the United States Atomic Energy Commission member Lewis Strauss . The ensemble supporting cast includes Emily Blunt , Matt Damon , Florence Pugh , Josh Hartnett , Casey Affleck , Rami Malek , and Kenneth Branagh . Oppenheimer was announced in September 2021 . It is Nolan s first film not distributed by Warner Bros . Pictures since Memento 2000 , due to his conflicts regarding the studio s simultaneous theatrical and HBO Max release schedule . Murphy was the first cast member to sign on the following month , with the rest joining between November 2021 and April 2022 .
Priscilla Ann Presley née Wagner , formerly Beaulieu ; born May 24 , 1945 is an American businesswoman and actress . She is the ex wife of the late American singer Elvis Presley , as well as the cofounder and former chairperson of Elvis Presley Enterprises EPE , the company that turned Graceland into one of the top tourist attractions in the United States . In her acting career , Presley costarred with Leslie Nielsen in the Naked Gun film trilogy and played Jenna Wade on the long running television series Dallas . Early life Priscilla Ann Wagner was born at Brooklyn Naval Hospital in Brooklyn , New York on May 24 , 1945 . Her maternal grandfather , Albert Henry Iversen 1899 1971 , was born in Egersund , Norway . He migrated to the United States , where he married Lorraine Davis 1903 1984 , who was of Scots Irish and English descent . Their only daughter was Anna Lillian Iversen 1926 2021 , whose name was later shortened to Ann . Presley s biological father was US Navy pilot James Frederick Wagner 1921 1945 , son of Kathryn 1901 1995 and Harold Wagner 1897 1958 of Cherrytree
Liberty University LU , known simply as Liberty , is a private evangelical Christian university in Lynchburg , Virginia . It is affiliated with the Southern Baptist Conservatives of Virginia Southern Baptist Convention . Founded in 1971 by Jerry Falwell Sr . and Elmer L . Towns as Lynchburg Baptist College , Liberty is among the world s largest Christian universities and one of the largest private non profit universities in the United States by total student enrollment . Liberty University consists of 17 colleges , including the Helms School of Government and the Rawlings School of Divinity . Most of its enrollment is in online courses ; in 2020 , the university enrolled about 15 , 000 in its residential program and 80 , 000 online . Liberty s athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA and are collectively known as the Liberty Flames . Their athletics program joined Conference USA as a full member in 2023 . The university requires undergraduate students to take three Evangelical Bible studies classes . Its honor code , called the Liberty Way , prohibits premarital sex , cohabitation , any kind of romantic relationship between members of the same sex
Austin Richard Post born July 4 , 1995 , known professionally as Post Malone , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter , record producer , and actor . Malone has gained distinction and acclaim for his blending of various genres including hip hop , pop , R B , and trap . His stage name was derived from inputting his birth name into a rap name generator . Malone began his musical career in 2011 , and gained recognition with his 2015 debut single White Iverson , which peaked at number 14 on the US Billboard Hot 100 . He signed with Republic Records to release his debut studio album Stoney 2016 , which peaked at number four on the Billboard 200 and spawned the diamond certified single Congratulations featuring Quavo . His second album , Beerbongs Bentleys 2018 debuted atop the Billboard 200 and set numerous streaming records . It contained the Billboard Hot 100 number one singles Rockstar featuring 21 Savage and Psycho featuring Ty Dolla Sign , and was nominated for Album of the Year at the 61st Grammy Awards . His third number one single , Sunflower with Swae Lee was released for the
Jeffrey Edward Epstein EP steen ; January 20 , 1953 August 10 , 2019 was an American financier and sex offender . Born and raised in New York City , Epstein began his professional life as a teacher at the Dalton School despite lacking a college degree . After his dismissal from the school in 1976 , he entered the banking and finance sector , working at Bear Stearns in various roles before starting his own firm . Epstein cultivated an elite social circle and procured many women and children whom he and his associates sexually abused . In 2005 , police in Palm Beach , Florida , began investigating Epstein after a parent reported that he had sexually abused her 14 year old daughter . Federal officials identified 36 girls , some as young as 14 years old , whom Epstein had allegedly sexually abused . Epstein pleaded guilty and was convicted in 2008 by a Florida state court of procuring a child for prostitution and of soliciting a prostitute . He was convicted of only these two crimes as part of a controversial plea deal , and served almost 13 months in custody but with extensive work release
On 11 March 2011 , at 14 46 JST 05 46 UTC , a Mw 9 . 0 9 . 1 undersea megathrust earthquake occurred in the Pacific Ocean , 72 km 45 mi east of the Oshika Peninsula of the Tōhoku region . It lasted approximately six minutes , causing a tsunami . It is sometimes known in Japan as the Great East Japan Earthquake 東日本大震災 , Higashi nihon daishinsai , among other names . The disaster is often referred to by its numerical date , 3 . 11 read san ten ichi ichi in Japanese . It was the most powerful earthquake ever recorded in Japan , and the fourth most powerful earthquake recorded in the world since modern seismography began in 1900 . The earthquake triggered powerful tsunami waves that may have reached heights of up to 40 . 5 meters 133 ft in Miyako in Tōhoku s Iwate Prefecture , and which , in the Sendai area , traveled at 700 km h 435 mph and up to 10 km 6 mi inland . Residents of Sendai had only eight to ten minutes of warning , and more than a hundred evacuation sites were washed away
Elizabeth II Elizabeth Alexandra Mary ; 21 April 1926 8 September 2022 was Queen of the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth realms from 6 February 1952 until her death in 2022 . She was queen regnant of 32 sovereign states over the course of her lifetime and remained the monarch of 15 realms by the time of her death . Her reign of over 70 years is the longest of any British monarch , the longest of any female monarch , and the second longest verified reign of any monarch of a sovereign state in history . Elizabeth was born in Mayfair , London , during the reign of her paternal grandfather , King George V . She was the first child of the Duke and Duchess of York later King George VI and Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother . Her father acceded to the throne in 1936 upon the abdication of his brother Edward VIII , making the ten year old Princess Elizabeth the heir presumptive . She was educated privately at home and began to undertake public duties during the Second World War , serving in the Auxiliary Territorial Service . In November 1947 , she married Philip
Gary Robert Rossington December 4 , 1951 March 5 , 2023 was an American musician best known as a founding guitarist of Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd , with whom he performed until his death . Rossington was also a founding member of the Rossington Collins Band , along with former bandmate Allen Collins . Rossington was the last surviving founding member of Lynyrd Skynyrd and the only original member left in the band at the time of his death . Early life Rossington was born in Jacksonville , Florida . His mother recalled that he had a strong childhood interest in baseball and aspired as a child to one day play for the New York Yankees . Rossington recalled that he was a good ball player but upon hearing the Rolling Stones in his early teens he became interested in music and ultimately gave up on his baseball aspirations . It was Rossington s love of baseball that indirectly led to the formation of Lynyrd Skynyrd in the summer of 1964 . He became acquainted with Ronnie Van Zant and Bob Burns while playing on rival Jacksonville baseball teams and the trio decided to jam together one afternoon after
Instagram is a photo and video sharing social networking service owned by Meta Platforms . It allows users to upload media that can be edited with filters , be organized by hashtags , and be associated with a location via geographical tagging . Posts can be shared publicly or with preapproved followers . Users can browse other users content by tags and locations , view trending content , like photos , and follow other users to add their content to a personal feed . A Meta operated image centric social media platform , it is available on iOS , Android , Windows 10 , and the web . Users can take photos and edit them using built in filters and other tools , then share them on other social media platforms like Facebook . It supports 32 languages including English , Spanish , French , Korean , and Japanese . Instagram was originally distinguished by allowing content to be framed only in a square 1 1 aspect ratio of 640 pixels to match the display width of the iPhone at the time . In 2015 , this restriction was eased with an increase to 1080 pixels . It also added
Elena Jane Goulding GOHL ding ; born 30 December 1986 is an English singer and songwriter . In July 2009 , she signed a recording contract with Polydor Records , and later that year , she released her debut extended play , An Introduction to Ellie Goulding . Goulding released her debut studio album , Lights , in 2010 , which debuted at No . 1 on the UK Albums Chart . In November 2010 , the album was reissued as Bright Lights , spawning three successful singles a cover of Elton John s Your Song , Starry Eyed , and Lights , the latter becoming her highest charting single to date in the United States . Goulding s second studio album , Halcyon , was released in 2012 and preceded by its lead single Anything Could Happen . The album debuted at No . 2 on the UK Albums Chart , and topped the chart after 65 weeks . Halcyon Days , a repackaged edition of Halcyon , was released in 2013 and produced the single Burn , which became her first No . 1 single in the UK . She released her third studio album , Delirium ,
The Color Purple is a 2023 American musical period drama film directed by Blitz Bazawule . Marcus Gardley s screenplay is based on the stage musical of the same name , which in turn is based on the 1982 novel of the same name by Alice Walker . It is the second film adaptation of the novel , following the 1985 film directed by Steven Spielberg and produced by Spielberg and Quincy Jones . Spielberg and Jones return as producers for the 2023 film , along with its Broadway producers Scott Sanders and Oprah Winfrey , the latter of whom also starred in the 1985 film . The film stars Taraji P . Henson , Danielle Brooks , Colman Domingo , Corey Hawkins , H . E . R . , Halle Bailey , Phylicia Pearl Mpasi and Fantasia Barrino in her film debut . Brooks and Barrino reprise their roles from the productions of the stage musical . It tells the story of Celie , an African American woman dealing with the hardships of living with an abusive husband and living in the American South during the early 1900s . The Color Purple premiered in London on November 20
Wonka is a 2023 musical fantasy film directed by Paul King , who co wrote the screenplay with Simon Farnaby based on a story by King . It tells the origin story of Willy Wonka , a character in the 1964 novel Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl , depicting his early days as a chocolatier . The film stars Timothée Chalamet as the title character , with an ensemble cast including Calah Lane , Keegan Michael Key , Paterson Joseph , Matt Lucas , Mathew Baynton , Sally Hawkins , Rowan Atkinson , Jim Carter , Olivia Colman , and Hugh Grant . Development began when Warner Bros . Pictures reacquired the rights to the character in October 2016 and announced that the film would be an origin story . While it tells an original story with no connection to any prior adaptation , King developed the film to exist as a companion piece to the 1971 film by reprising some of the music , thematic elements , and the visual design of the Oompa Loompas . In May 2021 , Chalamet was confirmed to portray Wonka , and the supporting cast was announced in September of
Jordan Alexander Love born November 2 , 1998 is an American football quarterback for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League NFL . He played college football for the Utah State Aggies , where he was named to the second team All MWC 2018 and was selected as the MVP of the 2018 New Mexico Bowl . After announcing that he would forgo his senior year of college , Love was drafted by the Packers in the first round 26th pick of the 2020 NFL Draft . He served as the back up quarterback to starter Aaron Rodgers for three years , before being named the starting quarterback of the Packers for the 2023 NFL season . During his first season as a starter , Love recorded over 4 , 000 passing yards and threw 32 touchdowns while leading the Packers to a victory in the playoffs . Early life and high school career Love was born in Bakersfield , California , on November 2 , 1998 . His father , Orbin Jr . , was a police officer for the Bakersfield Police Department , while his mother , Anna , worked for the California Highway Patrol .
David Alan Tepper born September 11 , 1957 is an American billionaire hedge fund manager . He is the owner of the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League NFL and Charlotte FC in Major League Soccer MLS . Tepper is the founder and president of Appaloosa Management , a global hedge fund based in Miami Beach , Florida . He earned a bachelor s degree in economics from the University of Pittsburgh in 1978 , and an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University in 1982 . In 2013 , he donated his largest gift of 67 million to Carnegie Mellon , whose Tepper School of Business is named after him . For the 2012 tax year , Institutional Investor s Alpha ranked Tepper s 2 . 2 billion paycheck as the world s highest for a hedge fund manager . He earned the third position on Forbes The Highest Earning Hedge Fund Managers 2018 with an annual earnings of 1 . 5 billion . A 2010 profile in New York described him as the object of a certain amount of hero worship inside the industry , with one investor calling him a golden god . Tepper revealed plans to eventually
Nicholas Lou Saban Jr . SAY bən ; born October 31 , 1951 is an American sportscaster and former professional and college football coach . He serves as an analyst for ESPN s College GameDay , a television program covering college football . He is widely considered to be one of the greatest football coaches of all time . Saban served as head coach of the National Football League NFL s Miami Dolphins and at four universities Louisiana State University LSU , Michigan State University , the University of Toledo and most famously the University of Alabama , where he last coached from 2007 to 2023 . As a college football head coach , Saban won seven national titles , the most in college football history . His first came when he led the LSU Tigers to the BCS National Championship in 2003 . He then coached the Alabama Crimson Tide to BCS and AP national championships in 2009 , 2011 , 2012 , and to College Football Playoff championships in 2015 , 2017 and 2020 . He became the first coach in college football history to win a national championship with two different Football Bowl Subdivision FBS schools since
The Family Plan is a 2023 American action comedy film directed by Simon Cellan Jones and written by David Coggeshall . Produced by Apple Studios and Skydance Media and Mark Wahlberg s Municipal Pictures , it stars Wahlberg as a suburban car salesman who goes on the run with his unsuspecting family when his secret past as a government assassin is exposed . Michelle Monaghan , Zoe Colletti , Van Crosby , Saïd Taghmaoui , Maggie Q , and Ciarán Hinds also star . Production began in late 2022 . The film was released by Apple TV on December 15 , 2023 . Plot Dan Morgan is a gifted car salesman living quietly in the Buffalo suburbs with his wife Jessica and their three kids , teens , Nina and Kyle , and infant child Max . Dan is content with his low key life , and dislikes violence , technology and social media . Meanwhile , Jessica yearns for more spontaneity and excitement . Dan and Jessica attend the carnival for their anniversary . He has a confrontation when someone purposely takes a selfie with them kissing in the background as a joke , then posts it on his
The Von Erich family is an American professional wrestling family . Originally from Texas , their actual surname is Adkisson , but every member who has been in the wrestling business has used the ring name Von Erich , after the family patriarch , Fritz Von Erich Jack Adkisson . Jack took on the name as part of his wrestling gimmick i . e . in ring persona as he originally portrayed a Nazi heel , hence his use of a German name . By the time Fritz died of cancer in his Denton County home in 1997 at the age of 68 , five of his six sons had predeceased him , three by suicide . His firstborn , Jack Jr . , was accidentally shocked and drowned in a puddle at the age of 6 in 1959 , outside his Niagara Falls home . In 1984 , David Von Erich died in a Tokyo hotel from enteritis at the age of 25 . Mike , Chris , and Kerry all died by suicide ; Mike took an overdose of Placidyl near Lewisville Lake in 1987 at the age of 23 , Chris shot himself in the head with
Poor Things is a 2023 film directed by Yorgos Lanthimos and written by Tony McNamara , based on the 1992 novel by Alasdair Gray . A co production between Ireland , the United Kingdom , and the United States , the film stars Emma Stone , Mark Ruffalo , Willem Dafoe , Ramy Youssef , Christopher Abbott , and Jerrod Carmichael . It focuses on Bella Baxter , a woman in Victorian London who is brought back to life via brain transplant and embarks on an odyssey of self discovery . Principal photography took place in Hungary from August to December 2021 . Poor Things premiered at the 80th Venice International Film Festival on September 1 , 2023 , and won the Golden Lion there . The film was released theatrically in the United States on December 8 , 2023 , and in the United Kingdom and Ireland on January 12 , 2024 , by Searchlight Pictures . It received critical acclaim and has grossed over 112 million worldwide on a budget of 35 million . Poor Things was named one of the top ten films of 2023 by the National Board of Review and the American Film Institute ,
Michelle Keegan born 3 June 1987 is an English actress , known for her roles as Tina McIntyre in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street and Sergeant Georgie Lane in the BBC drama series Our Girl . Keegan has also starred as Kate Thorne in Ten Pound Poms , Tina Moore in the biopic Tina and Bobby , Erin Croft in Sky Max comedy Brassic and Maya Stern in Fool Me Once . Early life Keegan was born in Stockport to Michael Keegan and Jackie Turner . Her maternal great grandmother was a Gibraltarian who married a British soldier stationed in Gibraltar , and she also has distant Italian ancestry from her seven times great grandfather who emigrated to Gibraltar from Genoa . She has Irish ancestry on her father s side . She attended St Patrick s RC High School in Eccles near Manchester , and later the Manchester School of Acting . She worked at Selfridges in the Trafford Centre , and as a check in agent at Manchester Airport . Career In late 2007 , in only her second audition , Keegan was offered the part of Tina McIntyre in Coronation Street , and accepted the role
Bo Chapman Nix born February 25 , 2000 is an American football quarterback . He played college football at Auburn and Oregon . With Oregon in 2023 , he won the William V . Campbell Trophy and was named the Pac 12 Offensive Player of the Year after throwing for over 4 , 500 yards with 45 touchdowns . Nix started 61 games in college , more than any other quarterback in NCAA history . Early life and high school career Nix was born in Arkadelphia , Arkansas while his father Patrick was the head coach at Henderson State . Nix played under his father at Pinson Valley High School in Pinson , Alabama , where he accumulated over 12 , 000 total offensive yards and 161 touchdowns . He also won Alabama s Mr . Football Award as a senior in 2018 . He was rated the top dual threat quarterback of his class and committed to play college football at Auburn University . College career Auburn As a true freshman at Auburn , Nix was named the starting quarterback for the 2019 season . He led Auburn to a 27 21 come back win against the Oregon Ducks
Jacob Elordi born 26 June 1997 is an Australian actor . After moving to Los Angeles in 2017 to pursue an acting career , he gained prominence with his role as Noah Flynn , the bad boy love interest in the The Kissing Booth film trilogy 2018 2021 on Netflix . He also became known for his main role as the troubled high school football player Nate Jacobs on the HBO teen drama series Euphoria 2019 present . His film roles as Elvis Presley in the biopic Priscilla and as a wealthy university student in Saltburn both 2023 brought him wider recognition and earned him critical praise . The latter earned him a nomination for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role . Early life Jacob Elordi was born on 26 June 1997 in Brisbane , Queensland , to a working class family consisting of his parents John , a house painter who spent 13 years building the family s house , and Melissa , a stay at home mother and one time cafeteria employee at Jacob s school one older brother , and three older sisters . John immigrated to Australia from the Basque Country at
Princess Margaret , Countess of Snowdon , Margaret Rose ; 21 August 1930 9 February 2002 was the younger daughter of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother . She was the younger sister and only sibling of Queen Elizabeth II . Margaret was born when her parents were the Duke and Duchess of York , and she spent much of her childhood with them and her elder sister . Her life changed at the age of six , when her father succeeded to the British throne following the abdication of his brother Edward VIII . Margaret s sister became heir presumptive , with Margaret second in line to the throne . Her position in the line of succession diminished over the following decades as Elizabeth s children and grandchildren were born . During the Second World War , the two sisters stayed at Windsor Castle despite suggestions to evacuate them to Canada . During the war years , Margaret was too young to perform official duties and continued her education , being nine years old when the war broke out and turning fifteen just after hostilities ended . From the 1950s onwards , Margaret became one of
Sabrina Annlynn Carpenter born May 11 , 1999 is an American singer and actress . She made her acting debut with an appearance in the television crime show Law Order Special Victims Unit 2011 and had a recurring role on Fox s The Goodwin Games 2011 . She gained recognition for her leading roles in the Disney Channel comedy series Girl Meets World 2014 2017 and the Disney Channel Original Movie Adventures in Babysitting 2016 . She has since starred in several feature films , including Horns 2013 , The Hate U Give 2018 , The Short History of the Long Road 2019 , Clouds 2020 , and Emergency 2022 . She also starred in Netflix films , Tall Girl 2019 , its sequel 2022 , and Work It 2020 , the latter of which she also executive produced . Carpenter signed with Hollywood Records and released her debut single Can t Blame a Girl for Trying and EP of the same name in 2014 . Her debut studio album , Eyes Wide Open , was released in 2015 . She followed it with the studio albums Evolution 2016 , Singular Act I 2018 and Singular Act II 2019 ,
Richard Wagstaff Clark November 30 , 1929 April 18 , 2012 was an American television and radio personality and television producer who hosted American Bandstand from 1956 to 1989 . He also hosted five incarnations of the Pyramid game show from 1973 to 1988 and Dick Clark s New Year s Rockin Eve , which broadcast New Year s Eve celebrations in New York City s Times Square . As host of American Bandstand , Clark introduced rock and roll to many Americans . The show gave many new music artists their first exposure to national audiences , including Ike Tina Turner , Smokey Robinson and the Miracles , Stevie Wonder , Simon Garfunkel , Iggy Pop , Prince , Talking Heads , and Madonna . Episodes he hosted were among the first in which black people and white people performed on the same stage , and they were among the first in which the live studio audience sat down together without racial segregation . Singer Paul Anka claimed that Bandstand was responsible for creating a youth culture . Due to his perennially youthful appearance and his largely teenaged audience of American Bandstand , Clark was often referred to as
Megan Jovon Ruth Pete born February 15 , 1995 , known professionally as Megan Thee Stallion pronounced Megan the Stallion , is an American rapper . Originally from Houston , Texas , she first garnered attention when videos of her freestyling became popular on social media platforms such as Instagram . She signed with 1501 Certified Entertainment in 2018 , and saw her mainstream breakthrough the following year with the release of her singles Hot Girl Summer featuring Ty Dolla Sign and Nicki Minaj and Cash Shit featuring DaBaby ; the former peaked at number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 while the latter received quadruple platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America RIAA . Cash Shit was also included on her commercial mixtape Fever 2019 , which was followed by her extended play Suga 2020 both of which peaked within the top ten of the Billboard 200 . Megan Thee Stallion earned two number one songs on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2020 with her single Savage Remix featuring Beyoncé and her guest appearance on Cardi B s single WAP . The former won two Grammy Awards Best Rap Performance and Best Rap Song while the latter
Reacher is an American action crime television series developed by Nick Santora for Amazon Prime Video . Based on the Jack Reacher book series by Lee Child , it stars Alan Ritchson as the title character , a self proclaimed hobo and former U . S . Army military policeman with formidable strength , intellect , and abilities . During his travels , Reacher crosses paths with dangerous criminals and is forced to do battle . The first season of Reacher was based on Killing Floor , Child s 1997 debut novel , and was released on February 4 , 2022 . The second season , based on Bad Luck and Trouble 2007 , began on December 15 , 2023 , and concluded on January 19 , 2024 . In early December 2023 , the series star , Alan Ritchson , revealed that filming of a third season had begun , based on the 2003 novel Persuader . Premise Jack Reacher is a former U . S . Army military police major with extensive investigative and combat experience who now lives as a drifter , traveling from town to town across the United States . In Season 1 , while
Bigg Boss 17 also known as Bigg Boss Dil , Dimaag aur Dum Ka Game was the seventeenth season of the Indian Hindi language reality television show Bigg Boss . It premiered on 15 October 2023 on Colors TV and JioCinema . Salman Khan hosted the show for the fourteenth time . The Grand Finale aired on 28 January 2024 , where Munawar Faruqui emerged as the winner and Abhishek Kumar ended up as the runner up . Production Broadcast A new segment Just Chill with Arbaaz Sohail aired on Sunday hosted by Arbaaz Khan and Sohail Khan . Like BB16 s segment Bigg Bulletin with Shekhar Suman , in this segment , the hosts interacted with the contestants on the events that have transpired in the particular week . They would also roast the contestants , play games with them and pull off fun gags . Weekend Ka Vaar aired on Fridays and Saturdays similar to Season 16 . In Week 1 and 4 , Weekend Ka Vaar was aired on Saturday and Sunday . Since Week 10 , Weekend Ka Vaar aired on Saturdays and Sundays while the Just Chill segment was merged into Weekend Ka Vaar .
The Houthi movement ; Arabic الحوثيون al Ḥūthiyūn al . ħuː . θi . juːn , officially known as Ansar Allah أنصار الله ʾAnṣār Allāh , lit . Supporters of God , is a Shia Islamist political and military organization that emerged from Yemen in the 1990s . It is predominantly made up of Zaidi Shias , with their namesake leadership being drawn largely from the Houthi tribe . Under the leadership of Zaidi religious leader Hussein al Houthi , the Houthis emerged as an opposition movement to Yemen President Ali Abdullah Saleh , whom they accused of corruption and being backed by Saudi Arabia and the United States . In 2003 , influenced by the Lebanese Shia political and military organization Hezbollah , the Houthis adopted their official slogan against the United States , Israel , and the Jews . Al Houthi resisted Saleh s order for his arrest , and was afterwards killed by the Yemeni military in Saada in 2004 , sparking the Houthi insurgency . Since then , the movement has been mostly led by his brother Abdul Malik al Houthi . The organization took part in the Yemeni Revolution of 2011 by participating in street
The second season of the American animated anthology series What If . . . ? , based on the Marvel Comics series of the same name , explores alternate timelines in the multiverse that show what would happen if major moments from the films of the Marvel Cinematic Universe MCU occurred differently . The season is produced by Marvel Studios Animation , with A . C . Bradley serving as head writer and Bryan Andrews primarily directing . Animation for the season is provided by Flying Bark Productions , Stellar Creative Lab , and SDFX Studios , with Scott Wright and Stephan Franck serving as head of animation . Jeffrey Wright stars as the Watcher , who narrates the series , alongside numerous MCU film actors reprising their roles . Development of the season began by December 2019 , with the season s scripts written between January and October 2020 in the middle of the COVID 19 pandemic . Bradley and Andrews were revealed to be returning in November 2021 . The first season s head of animation Stephan Franck was revealed as another director by December 2023 . The second season debuted on December 22 , 2023 , on
Nile Gregory Rodgers Jr . born September 19 , 1952 is an American record producer , guitarist , composer , and philanthropist . The co founder of Chic , he has written , produced , and performed on records that have sold more than 500 million albums and 75 million singles worldwide . Rodgers is a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Songwriters Hall of Fame inductee . He has received six Grammy Awards , including the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Special Merit Award . Known for his chucking guitar style , in 2014 Rolling Stone wrote that the full scope of Nile Rodgers career is still hard to fathom . In 2023 , Rolling Stone placed Rodgers 7th on a list of the 250 greatest guitarists of all time , writing There s influential , then there s massively influential , then there s Nile Rodgers . . . a true innovator who never slows down , still making history with his guitar . Formed as the Big Apple Band in 1972 with bassist Bernard Edwards , Chic released their self titled debut album in 1977 ; it featured the hit singles Dance , Dance , Dance Yowsah ,
Alan Michael Ritchson born November 28 , 1982 is an American actor . He made his acting debut as Aquaman Arthur Curry on The CW superhero series Smallville 2005 2010 , where he appeared as a guest star between the fifth and tenth seasons . Ritchson had a starring role in the Spike TV sitcom Blue Mountain State 2010 2012 , a role he reprised in the 2016 film sequel . He also headlined the SyFy action series Blood Drive 2017 , and returned to superhero television as Hank Hall Hawk on the DC Universe HBO Max series Titans from 2018 to 2021 . He gained wider recognition for portraying the title character in the Amazon Prime Video action thriller series Reacher since 2022 . Outside television , Ritchson played Raphael in the 2014 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles reboot and its 2016 sequel , along with appearances in The Hunger Games Catching Fire 2013 and Fast X 2023 . He made his directorial debut and co starred in the action comedy Dark Web Cicada 3301 2021 . Early life and education Ritchson was born on November 28 , 1982 , in Grand Forks , North Dakota . He is the
The Iron Claw is a 2023 biographical sports drama film written and directed by Sean Durkin about the Von Erichs , a family of professional wrestlers who are cursed by constant tragedy . The film depicts the struggles of wrestling company owner Fritz Von Erich s sons to achieve the success their father groomed them for , from 1979 to the early 1990s resulting in more tragedy . The film stars Zac Efron as Kevin Von Erich alongside Jeremy Allen White , Harris Dickinson , Maura Tierney , Stanley Simons , Holt McCallany , and Lily James as other members of the family , and is titled after the iron claw , an in ring signature move of the Von Erichs . The Iron Claw premiered at the Texas Theatre in Dallas on November 8 , 2023 . It was released in the United States by A24 on December 22 , 2023 , and by Lionsgate in the United Kingdom on February 9 , 2024 . It grossed over 43 million , on a budget of 15 . 9 million , and received positive reviews from critics . It was named one of the top 10 films of 2023 by
The Twelve Grapes Sp . las doce uvas de la suerte , the twelve grapes of luck is a Spanish tradition that consists of eating a grape with each of the twelve clock bell strikes at midnight of 31 December to welcome the New Year . Each grape and clock bell strike represents each of the coming twelve months . This tradition dates back from at least 1895 but was greatly popularized in 1909 . In December of that year , some Alicantese vine growers spread this custom to encourage grape sales due to overproduction during an excellent harvest . According to the tradition , eating the Twelve Grapes leads to a year of good luck and prosperity . In some areas , this practice was also believed to ward off witches and evil in general , although today it is mostly followed as a tradition to celebrate and welcome the New Year . There are two types of places where people gather to eat the grapes at home with family members after Nochevieja dinner , or in the main squares around the country , with the most famous being the Puerta del Sol in Madrid and where this tradition
Lee Sun kyun Korean 이선균 ; March 2 , 1975 December 27 , 2023 was a South Korean actor . Internationally , he was best known for his role in Bong Joon ho s Academy Award winning film Parasite 2019 , for which he won a Screen Actors Guild Award along with his castmates . He received several other awards , including a nomination for an International Emmy Award . Lee debuted as an actor in 2000 and performed in TV dramas and musical theatre . The dramas Coffee Prince and Behind the White Tower both 2007 brought Lee mainstream popularity , which he followed with Pasta 2010 , Golden Time 2012 and My Mister 2018 . Meanwhile , on the big screen , he received a Best Actor award from the Las Palmas de Gran Canaria International Film Festival for his role in Paju 2009 , followed by critical acclaim for mystery thriller Helpless 2012 , romantic comedy All About My Wife 2012 , and crime black comedy A Hard Day 2014 . Lee also continued to collaborate with director Hong Sang soo , and his arthouse films with Hong include Night and Day 2008 , Oki s Movie
Godzilla Minus One Japanese ゴジラ 1 . 0 マイナスワン , Hepburn Gojira Mainasu Wan is a 2023 Japanese epic kaiju film directed , written , and with visual effects by Takashi Yamazaki . Produced by Toho Studios and Robot Communications and distributed by Toho , it is the 37th film in the Godzilla franchise , Toho s 33rd Godzilla film , and the fifth film in the franchise s Reiwa era . The film stars Ryunosuke Kamiki , Minami Hamabe , Yuki Yamada , Munetaka Aoki , Hidetaka Yoshioka , Sakura Ando and Kuranosuke Sasaki . Set in postwar Japan , the film follows a former kamikaze pilot who suffers from post traumatic stress disorder after encountering a giant monster known as Godzilla . After finishing his film The Great War of Archimedes 2019 , Yamazaki was appointed to make a Godzilla film . He spent three years writing the script , taking influence from Godzilla 1954 , Godzilla , Mothra and King Ghidorah Giant Monsters All Out Attack 2001 , Shin Godzilla 2016 , and the films of Steven Spielberg and Hayao Miyazaki . Yamazaki previously depicted Godzilla in Always Sunset on Third Street 2 2007 and a 2021
Michael Ryan Pritchard born May 4 , 1972 , better known by his stage name Mike Dirnt , is an American rock musician who is the co founder , bassist , backing vocalist , and occasional lead vocalist of Green Day . He has also played in several other bands , including the Frustrators . His stage name Dirnt was originally a nickname that his friends from grade school gave him , as he constantly played air bass guitar and made a dirnt , dirnt , dirnt noise while pretending to pluck the strings . Early life and education Pritchard was born in Oakland , California on May 4 , 1972 . As a child , his father was often away obtaining a degree , while his mother stayed at home to care for him and his sister Myla . Pritchard excelled in school , despite often missing classes as a result of various illnesses attributed to his biological mother s drug use . After an argument between his parents led to a call to the police , the couple divorced . His mother and sister moved to Rodeo , California , while he stayed in El Sobrante , California
Scott Williams born 18 January 1990 is an English professional darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation PDC events . He was the third player to win a PDC ranking title without being a tour card holder . Career In October 2019 , he qualified for the 2020 BDO World Darts Championship as one of the Playoff Qualifiers , he defeated Wes Newton and Andrew Kateley to secure his place in the tournament . He played Justin Thompson in the preliminary round . Williams won his first PDC title , when he triumphed on the first tournament of PDC Challenge Tour 2022 , in Milton Keynes . He saw off Robert Owen in the final 5 2 with an 88 average after previously averaging ten points more to see off Danny Lauby . He also defeated Darren Johnson , Darryl Pilgrim and Conor Heneghan among others en route to the title . On the very same day , he got his second title in the event 02 . Williams saw off Lee Evans 5 2 in the final with a 95 average and won both titles with a 100 checkout . Williams won the 17th tournament of the 2022
Nicholaus Nico Iamaleava born September 2 , 2004 is an American football quarterback for the Tennessee Volunteers . He was one of the top players in the 2023 class . Early life and high school career Iamaleava was born in Long Beach , California and is of Samoan descent . Iamaleava attended both Warren High School in Downey , California and Long Beach Polytechnic High School in Long Beach , CA . As a senior , Iamaleava threw for 1 , 726 yards and 25 touchdowns , while also rushing for six touchdowns . He was named the Polynesian Football Player of the Year . Iamaleava was also named the MVP of the Polynesian Bowl , throwing for 186 yards and a touchdown . Iamaleava was rated as one of the top players in the class of 2023 and committed to play college football at the University of Tennessee . Iamaleava enrolled early at Tennessee in December 2022 , participating in workouts for the 2022 Orange Bowl . College career Iamaleava served as the backup quarterback to Joe Milton during the 2023 regular season before being named Tennessee s starting quarterback for the 2024 Citrus Bowl . In his first
Pro Kabaddi League also known as Vivo Pro Kabbadi for sponsorship reasons or abbreviated to PKL is an Indian men s professional Kabaddi league . It was launched in 2014 and is broadcast on Star Sports . It is the most popular kabaddi league in the world . It is also the second most watched sports league in India after the Indian Premier League IPL . Puneri Paltan are the current champions of PKL . The league s inception was influenced by the popularity of the kabaddi tournament at the 2006 Asian Games . The format of the competition was influenced by IPL . The Pro Kabaddi League uses a franchise based model and its first season was held in 2014 with eight teams each of which has paid fees of up to US 250 , 000 to join . There were doubts over whether the Pro Kabaddi League would be successful , noting that many leagues were attempting to emulate the IPL s business model and success and that , unlike cricket , there were relatively fewer well known players in Kabaddi . However , it was also noted that kabaddi was widely played in grassroots community settings ,
! NewPP limit report Parsed by mw api ext . eqiad . main 6d6f4f46b8 bmx79 Cached time 20240323090212 Cache expiry 2592000 Reduced expiry false Complications is preview CPU time usage 0 . 083 seconds Real time usage 0 . 114 seconds Preprocessor visited node count 148 1000000 Post expand include size 10418 2097152 bytes Template argument size 1099 2097152 bytes Highest expansion depth 11 100 Expensive parser function count 3 500 Unstrip recursion depth 0 20 Unstrip post expand size 1653 5000000 bytes Lua time usage 0 . 058 10 . 000 seconds Lua memory usage 1028131 52428800 bytes Number of Wikibase entities loaded 0 400 ! Transclusion expansion time report , ms , calls , template 100 . 00 107 . 240 1 Template Redirect_category_shell 100 . 00 107 . 240 1 total 97 . 37 104 . 420 1 Template Mbox 33 . 08 35 . 472 1 Template Pp protected 13 . 73 14 . 721 1 Template Pp move 5 . 46 5 . 856 1 Template R_extended protected 4 . 08 4 . 373 2 Template Redirect_template 3 . 67 3 . 941 1 Template R_from_move 1 . 85 1 . 988 1 Template Talk_other
Frank Edwin Wright III born December 9 , 1972 , better known by his stage name Tré Cool , is an American musician , best known as the drummer for the rock band Green Day . He replaced the band s former drummer , John Kiffmeyer , in 1990 . Cool has also played in the Lookouts , Samiam , Dead Mermaids , Bubu and the Brood and the Green Day side projects the Network and the Foxboro Hot Tubs . Life and career Frank Edwin Wright III was born on December 9 , 1972 in Frankfurt , West Germany , to Frank Edwin Wright Jr . and Linda Wright . He lived in Willits , California , with his father and elder sister Lori . He has German heritage , and his father was a helicopter pilot during the Vietnam War . Wright s closest neighbor was Larry Livermore , who at the time was the singer of the punk band the Lookouts . When Wright was 12 , Livermore recruited him as the drummer of the Lookouts and Tre took on the name of Tré Cool , using both the French word très meaning very and the English
Japan is an island country in East Asia . It is in the northwest Pacific Ocean and is bordered on the west by the Sea of Japan , extending from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north toward the East China Sea , Philippine Sea , and Taiwan in the south . Japan is a part of the Ring of Fire , and spans an archipelago of 14 , 125 islands , with the five main islands being Hokkaido , Honshu the mainland , Shikoku , Kyushu , and Okinawa . Tokyo is the country s capital and largest city , followed by Yokohama , Osaka , Nagoya , Sapporo , Fukuoka , Kobe , and Kyoto . Japan has over 125 million inhabitants and is the 11th most populous country in the world , as well as one of the most densely populated . About three fourths of the country s terrain is mountainous , concentrating its highly urbanized population on narrow coastal plains . Japan is divided into 47 administrative prefectures and eight traditional regions . The Greater Tokyo Area is the most populous metropolitan area in the world . Japan has the world s highest life expectancy
Gamehendge is the fictional setting for a number of songs by the rock band Phish . The main set of songs can be traced back to The Man Who Stepped Into Yesterday or TMWSIY , the senior project of guitarist and primary vocalist Trey Anastasio , written while he attended Goddard College . The musical was recorded to a cassette tape and submitted along with Anastasio s Senior thesis in July 1988 . Many copies of TMWSIY were circulated among fans as Phish s popularity grew but the album was never officially released by the band . Still , the band would frequently perform songs from the album live and , on a few occasions , performed the whole thing live , though differently every time . Plus new songs were added to the Gamehendge mythos in the years following the recording of the original 1988 tape . Story The Man Who Stepped into Yesterday tells the story of Colonel Forbin , a retired colonel from Long Island , New York , who enters the land of Gamehendge and rescues a document called the Helping Friendly Book from an evil dictator named Wilson . The story was based on a
Thomas Andrew Parker born Andreas Cornelis van Kuijk ; June 26 , 1909 January 21 , 1997 , commonly known as Colonel Parker , was a Dutch American musical entrepreneur . He was best known as the manager of Elvis Presley . Biography in brief Parker was born in the Netherlands and entered the United States illegally when he was 20 years old . He adopted a new name and claimed to have been born in the United States . With a background working in carnivals , Parker moved into music promotion in 1938 , working with one of the first popular crooners , Gene Austin , and country music singers Eddy Arnold , Hank Snow , and Tommy Sands . He also assisted Jimmie Davis s campaign to become governor of Louisiana , for which he was awarded the honorary rank of colonel in the Louisiana State Guard . Parker encountered Presley in 1955 and by 1956 had become his manager . With Parker s help , Presley signed a recording contract with RCA Victor , which led to a commercial breakthrough in 1956 with his sixth single Heartbreak Hotel and a career as one of the most commercially
On 26 December 2004 , at 07 58 53 local time UTC 7 , a major earthquake with a magnitude of 9 . 1 9 . 3 Mw struck with an epicentre off the west coast of northern Sumatra , Indonesia . The undersea megathrust earthquake , known by the scientific community as the Sumatra Andaman earthquake , was caused by a rupture along the fault between the Burma Plate and the Indian Plate , and reached a Mercalli intensity up to IX in some areas . A massive tsunami with waves up to 30 m 100 ft high , known in some countries as the Boxing Day Tsunami after the Boxing Day holiday , devastated communities along the surrounding coasts of the Indian Ocean , killing an estimated 227 , 898 people in 14 countries in one of the deadliest natural disasters in recorded history . The direct results caused major disruptions to living conditions and commerce in coastal provinces of surrounded countries , including Aceh Indonesia , Sri Lanka , Tamil Nadu India and Khao Lak Thailand . Banda Aceh reported the largest number of deaths . It remains the deadliest natural disaster of the 21st century .
Siobhán Emma Donaghy born 14 June 1984 is an English singer and songwriter , best known as a founding member of the girl group Sugababes . Donaghy left the Sugababes in 2001 and released her debut solo album , Revolution in Me , in 2003 . Her second studio album , Ghosts , was released in 2007 which was met with critical acclaim . Donaghy reformed with Sugababes in 2012 . In 2012 , Donaghy and her former Sugababes bandmates , Buena and Buchanan confirmed their reunion . The original trio were not able to release music under the name Sugababes as it was still owned by the management company . They instead released music under the new name , Mutya Keisha Siobhan , until they secured the legal rights to the Sugababes name again in 2019 . Early life Siobhán Emma Donaghy was born on 14 June 1984 in London to Irish parents and has two sisters called Beibhinn and Róisín , who works as her make up artist . She was discovered by former All Saints manager Ron Tom , who went on to manage Sugababes . Career 1998 2001 Sugababes The group was created when Donaghy and
Ruby Ridge was the site of a siege of a cabin occupied by the Weaver family in Boundary County , Idaho , in August 1992 . On August 21 , deputies of the United States Marshals Service USMS came to arrest Randy Weaver under a bench warrant after his failure to appear on federal firearms charges . During a surveillance operation , officer Art Roderick shot Weaver s dog when it ran at them and then pointed his rifle at Weaver s son , Samuel , who was armed . Samuel fired back at the marshals , and was shot and killed by the team . In the ensuing exchange of fire , Weaver s friend Kevin Harris shot and killed Deputy Marshal William Francis Degan . Weaver , Harris , and members of Weaver s immediate family refused to surrender . The Hostage Rescue Team of the Federal Bureau of Investigation FBI HRT became involved as the siege was mounted . In the standoff , FBI sniper Lon Horiuchi shot Weaver , then shot Harris , but the second shot also hit and killed Weaver s wife Vicki . The conflict was ultimately resolved by civilian negotiators , and
Long term nuclear waste warning messages are communication attempts intended to deter human intrusion at nuclear waste repositories in the far future , within or above the order of magnitude of 10 , 000 years . Nuclear semiotics is an interdisciplinary field of research , first done by the American Human Interference Task Force in 1981 . A 1993 report from Sandia National Laboratories recommended that such messages be constructed at several levels of complexity . They suggested that the sites should include foreboding physical features which would immediately convey to future visitors that the site was both man made and dangerous , as well as providing pictographic information attempting to convey some details of the danger , and written explanations for those able to read it . Message A 1993 report from Sandia National Laboratories aimed to communicate a series of messages non linguistically to any future visitors to a waste site . It gave the following wording as an example of what those messages should evoke This place is a message . . . and part of a system of messages . . . pay attention to it ! Sending this message was important to us . We
Timothée Hal Chalamet English TIM ə thee SHAL ə may ; born December 27 , 1995 is an American and French actor . He has received various accolades , including nominations for an Academy Award , three Golden Globe Awards , and three BAFTA Film Awards . Chalamet began his career as a teenager in television , appearing in the drama series Homeland in 2012 . In 2014 , he made his film debut in the comedy drama Men , Women Children and appeared in Christopher Nolan s science fiction film Interstellar . Chalamet came to international attention with the lead role of a lovestruck teenager in Luca Guadagnino s coming of age film Call Me by Your Name 2017 , earning him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor . Alongside supporting roles in Greta Gerwig s films Lady Bird 2017 and Little Women 2019 , he took on starring roles as drug addict Nic Sheff in the biopic Beautiful Boy 2018 and a young cannibal in Guadagnino s romantic horror film Bones and All 2022 , which he also produced . Chalamet also began leading big budget films , portraying Paul Atreides in Denis Villeneuve s
Ross Richard Rylan Clark born 25 October 1988 is an English broadcaster and media personality . He was a contestant on the ninth series of the television talent show The X Factor in 2012 , which he finished in fifth place . The following year , he appeared on the eleventh series of the reality show Celebrity Big Brother , which he won . Clark went on to present various television shows , including Big Brother s Bit on the Side 2013 2018 , This Morning 2013 2019 , 2022 present , The Xtra Factor 2016 , Up Late with Rylan 2016 , Supermarket Sweep 2019 2020 , Strictly Come Dancing It Takes Two 2019 2022 , Ready Steady Cook 2020 2021 , and You Are What You Wear 2020 . Early life Ross Richard Clark was born on 25 October 1988 in the Stepney area of London , to mother Linda Clark . He was educated at Coopers Company and Coborn School in Upminster . Career Career beginnings Clark has been a part time model since he was 16 and a half . It was during his early modelling career that he adopted the stage name Rylan , which
Berlin also known as Money Heist Berlin , in Spanish La casa de papel Berlín is a Spanish television series created by Álex Pina and Esther Martínez Lobato for Netflix . The series serves as a prequel to Money Heist , focusing on the life of Andrés de Fonollosa , aka Berlin , before the events of seasons 1 and 2 of the original series . It stars Pedro Alonso , Michelle Jenner , Tristán Ulloa , Begoña Vargas , and Julio Peña Fernández . The series premiered on Netflix on 29 December 2023 and consists of eight episodes . Money Heist Berlin received mixed reviews with many critics feeling that it did not live to the hype of the original Money Heist . On 19 February 2024 , the show was renewed for a second season . Premise Many years before the events of Money Heist , Berlin made another heist , stealing 44 million in jewels and framing the one who provided the security for it . He was the leader of a criminal gang by then , Keila Michelle Jenner , Damián Tristán Ulloa , Cameron Begoña Vargas , Bruce Joel Sánchez and Roi Julio Peña Fernández
Jaren Thomas Hall born March 24 , 1998 is an American football quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League NFL . He played college football at BYU . High school career Hall attended Maple Mountain High School in Spanish Fork , Utah . During his career he had 5 , 109 passing yards and 52 touchdowns . He committed to Brigham Young University BYU to play college football . College career Hall played in two games his first year at BYU in 2018 and took a redshirt . He played in seven games and made two starts as a backup to Zach Wilson . He became the first black quarterback to start a game for BYU , when he started in place of Wilson against South Florida . For the season , he completed 31 of 46 passes for 420 yards with one touchdown . After taking a medical redshirt in 2020 , Hall took over as the starter in 2021 . He completed 189 of 296 passes for 2 , 583 yards , 20 touchdowns and five interceptions . Hall also played for BYU s baseball team in 2019 and 2020 . College statistics Baseball Professional
Jann Mardenborough born 9 September 1991 is a British professional racing driver . In 2011 he became the third and youngest winner of the GT Academy competition , beating 90 , 000 entrants to earn a professional racing contract with Nissan . He had no previous motorsport experience , having played sim racing video games instead . During his career , he has finished on the podium in his class at the 24 Hours of Le Mans , won races and contended for titles in GT3 and junior formula cars , and competed at the highest level in Super GT , Super Formula and the FIA World Endurance Championship . Following his GT Academy win , Mardenborough was rewarded with a drive for Nissan at the Dubai 24 Hour race in 2012 , finishing third in class . Subsequently , he competed full time in the British GT Championship , scoring a race victory and challenging for the title . In 2013 , he competed in the European and British Formula 3 championships , before moving to the GP3 Series for 2014 and 2015 . He was a race winner in GP3 , and also finished second overall in the
The PDC World Darts Championship , known for sponsorship purposes as the Paddy Power World Darts Championship , organised by the Professional Darts Corporation PDC , is a World Professional Darts Championship held annually in the sport of darts . The PDC world championship begins in December and ends in January and is held at Alexandra Palace in London and has been held there since 2008 . It is the most prestigious of the PDC s tournaments , with the winner receiving the Sid Waddell Trophy , named in honour of the darts commentator Sid Waddell , who died in 2012 . Along with the Premier League Darts and World Matchplay , it is considered part of the Triple Crown . The PDC championship began in 1994 as the WDC World Darts Championship as one of the consequences of the split in darts , which saw the World Darts Council break away from the BDO . As a result of the settlement between the BDO and the WDC in 1997 , the WDC became the PDC , and players were thenceforth free to choose which world championship to enter but not both in the same year , as long as
The Times Square Ball is a time ball located in New York City s Times Square . Located on the roof of One Times Square , the ball is a prominent part of a New Year s Eve celebration in Times Square commonly referred to as the ball drop , where the ball descends down a specially designed flagpole , beginning at 11 59 00 p . m . ET , and resting at midnight to signal the start of the new year . In recent years , the ball drop has been preceded by live entertainment , including performances by musicians . Over 1 , 000 , 000 people from around the world attend . The event was first organized by Adolph Ochs , owner of The New York Times , as a successor to a series of New Year s Eve fireworks displays he held at the building to promote its status as the new headquarters of the Times , while the ball itself was designed by Artkraft Strauss . First held on December 31 , 1907 , to welcome 1908 , the ball drop has been held annually since , except in 1942 and 1943 in observance
Liverpool Football Club is a professional football club based in Liverpool , England . The club competes in the Premier League , the top tier of English football . Founded in 1892 , the club joined the Football League the following year and has played its home games at Anfield since its formation . Domestically , the club has won nineteen league titles , eight FA Cups , a record ten League Cups , one Football League Super Cup , one Sheriff of London Charity Shield and sixteen FA Community Shields . In international competitions , the club has won six European Cups , three UEFA Cups , four UEFA Super Cups all English records and one FIFA Club World Cup . The club established itself as a major force in domestic and European football in the 1970s and 1980s , when Bill Shankly , Bob Paisley , Joe Fagan and Kenny Dalglish , led the club to a combined 11 League titles and four European Cups . Liverpool won two further European Cups in 2005 and 2019 under the management of Rafael Benítez and Jürgen Klopp , respectively ; the latter led Liverpool to a 19th league title in
Aqua is a Danish Norwegian Europop band , best known for their 1997 single Barbie Girl . The group formed in 1995 in Copenhagen and achieved international success around the globe in the late 1990s and early 2000s . The band released three albums Aquarium in 1997 , Aquarius in 2000 and Megalomania in 2011 . The group sold an estimated 33 million albums and singles , making them the most profitable Danish band ever . The group managed to top the UK Singles Chart with three of their singles . The group also caused controversy with the double entendres in their Barbie Girl single , with Mattel filing a lawsuit against the group . The lawsuit was finally dismissed by a judge in 2002 , who ruled The parties are advised to chill . The band s members are vocalists René Dif and Lene Nystrøm , keyboardist Søren Rasted , and guitarist Claus Norreen . During their split , Nystrøm , Dif and Rasted all achieved solo chart success , while Norreen remixed other artists material . At a press event on October 26 , 2007 , the group announced a reunion tour , as well as the release
ChatGPT Chat Generative Pre trained Transformer is a chatbot developed by OpenAI and launched on November 30 , 2022 . Based on a large language model , it enables users to refine and steer a conversation towards a desired length , format , style , level of detail , and language . Successive prompts and replies , known as prompt engineering , are considered at each conversation stage as a context . By January 2023 , it had become what was then the fastest growing consumer software application in history , gaining over 100 million users and contributing to the growth of OpenAI s valuation to 29 billion . ChatGPT s release spurred the release of competing products , including Gemini , Ernie Bot , LLaMA , Claude , and Grok . Microsoft launched Copilot , based on OpenAI s GPT 4 . Some observers raised concern about the potential of ChatGPT and similar programs to displace or atrophy human intelligence , enable plagiarism , or fuel misinformation . ChatGPT is available for use online in two versions , one built on GPT 3 . 5 and the other on GPT 4 , both of which are members of OpenAI
Enrique Miguel Iglesias Preysler Spanish pronunciation enˈrike miˈɣel iˈɣlesjas ˈpɾejsleɾ ; born 8 May 1975 is a Spanish singer and songwriter . He started his recording career in the mid 1990s on the Mexican label Fonovisa and became the bestselling Spanish language act of the decade . By the turn of the millennium , he made a successful crossover into the mainstream English language market . He signed a multi album deal with Universal Music Group for US 68 million with Universal Music Latino to release his Spanish albums and Interscope Records to release English albums . Enrique is the third and youngest child of Spanish singer songwriter Julio Iglesias . In 2010 , Iglesias parted with Interscope Records and signed with another Universal Music Group label , Republic Records , to release bilingual albums . In 2015 , he parted ways with Universal Music Group after being there for over a decade . He signed with Sony Music and his subsequent albums were to be released by Sony Music Latin in Spanish and RCA Records in English . Iglesias is one of the best selling Latin music artists with estimated sales of over 70 million records worldwide . He
Sex is the trait that determines whether a sexually reproducing organism produces male or female gametes . During sexual reproduction , a male and a female gamete fuse to form a zygote , which develops into an offspring that inherits traits from each parent . By convention , organisms that produce smaller , more mobile gametes spermatozoa , sperm are called male , while organisms that produce produce larger , non mobile gametes ova , often called egg cells are called female . An organism that produces both types of gamete is hermaphrodite . In non hermaphroditic species , the sex of an individual is determined through one of several biological sex determination systems . Most mammalian species have the XY sex determination system , where the male usually carries an X and a Y chromosome XY , and the female usually carries two X chromosomes XX . Other chromosomal sex determination systems in animals include the ZW system in birds , and the XO system in insects . Various environmental systems include temperature dependent sex determination in reptiles and crustaceans . The male and female of a species may be physically alike sexual monomorphism or have physical differences sexual
Julian Miles Holland born 24 January 1958 is an English pianist , bandleader , singer , composer and television presenter . He was an original member of the band Squeeze and has worked with many artists including Marc Almond , Joss Stone , Jayne County , Tom Jones , José Feliciano , Sting , Eric Clapton , Mark Knopfler , George Harrison , David Gilmour , Ringo Starr , Bono , Rod Stewart and Ruby Turner . From 1982 until 1987 , he co presented the Channel 4 music programme The Tube . Since 1992 , he has hosted Later . . . with Jools Holland , a music based show aired on BBC2 , on which his annual show Hootenanny is based . Holland is a published author and appears on television shows besides his own . He regularly hosted the programme Jools Holland on BBC Radio 2 . In 2004 he collaborated with Tom Jones on an album of traditional R B music . He achieved his first UK number one album in 2024 with Swing Fever , a collaboration with Rod Stewart . Early life and education Holland was born on 24 January 1958 in Blackheath ,
The United Football League UFL is a professional American football minor league scheduled to start play in March 2024 . The league was created following the merger of the latest incarnations of the XFL and United States Football League USFL . It consists of eight teams , all of whom were members of the XFL or USFL prior to the UFL s creation , concentrated in the Midwest and Southern United States . Background 2020 2021 In 2017 , Vince McMahon , who had previously launched the XFL in 2001 as a partnership with NBC Sports , registered a trademark for the United Football League name . An unrelated United Football League , founded by Bill Hambrecht , had played four abbreviated seasons from 2009 to 2012 . McMahon ultimately did not use the UFL trademark , as response to the ESPN Films 30 for 30 documentary This Was the XFL in 2017 showed that the XFL brand was still viable , and in February 2020 , McMahon relaunched the XFL with a similar business structure though , unlike the 2001 XFL , operated as a sole proprietorship of McMahon s separate from his professional wrestling corporation , WWE and
Jason Kent Bateman born January 14 , 1969 is an American actor . He is known for his starring roles in numerous comedy films and for portraying Michael Bluth in the Fox Netflix sitcom Arrested Development and Marty Byrde in the Netflix crime drama series Ozark 2017 2022 . He has received several awards including a Golden Globe Award , a Primetime Emmy Award , and three Screen Actors Guild Awards . In 2017 , he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . He began his career as a child actor , appearing on television in the early 1980s on shows such as the NBC drama series Little House on the Prairie from 1981 to 1982 and The Hogan Family from 1986 to 1991 . Bateman s early film roles include Teen Wolf Too 1987 and Necessary Roughness 1991 before taking supporting roles in Dodgeball 2004 , The Break Up 2006 , Juno 2007 , Up in the Air 2009 , Bateman took starring roles in the comedies Extract 2009 , The Switch 2010 , The Change Up 2011 , Horrible Bosses 2011 , Identity Thief 2013 , Bad Words 2013 This is Where I Leave You
Percy Jackson and the Olympians is an American fantasy television series created by Rick Riordan and Jonathan E . Steinberg for Disney , based on the book series of the same name by Riordan . Walker Scobell stars as Percy Jackson , alongside Leah Sava Jeffries and Aryan Simhadri . Development on the series began in May 2020 , following a pitch by Riordan to Disney Branded Television . Jonathan E . Steinberg and Dan Shotz were announced as showrunners in July 2021 , with James Bobin hired to direct the first episode in October . Scobell was cast in the lead role in January 2022 , with Jeffries and Simhadri joining the cast in May . By September , Anders Engström and Jet Wilkinson were also set to direct multiple episodes of the series . Filming began in June 2022 in Vancouver , British Columbia , and concluded in February 2023 , with additional cast members revealed throughout 2022 and 2023 . Percy Jackson and the Olympians premiered on December 19 , 2023 , on Disney , with the first season consisting of eight episodes . It has received positive reviews from critics , who largely praised its faithfulness
Rosa Isabel Mutya Buena ; born 21 May 1985 is an English singer and songwriter who rose to fame as a member of girl group the Sugababes . With the Sugababes , Buena had four UK number one singles , an additional six top ten hits and three multi platinum albums . After leaving the group in December 2005 , she released her debut solo album , Real Girl in June 2007 . Buena returned to Sugababes with the original lineup in 2012 . In 2012 , Buena and her former Sugababes bandmates Siobhán Donaghy and Keisha Buchanan confirmed their reunion . The original trio originally opted to release music under the name MKS Mutya Keisha Siobhan , releasing one single , Flatline , in 2013 . In September 2019 , the group officially confirmed their return as the Sugababes . In May 2021 , Mutya released a UK garage inspired track entitled The One with electronic music producer duo Ryuken on New State Music . Early life Buena was born in Kingsbury , London to a Filipino father and an Irish mother . She attended Kingsbury High School . Career 1998 2005 Early career and Sugababes The Sugababes were
Shecky Greene born Fred Sheldon Greenfield ; April 8 , 1926 December 31 , 2023 was an American comedian . He was known for his nightclub performances in Las Vegas , Nevada , where he became a headliner in the 1950s and 1960s . He appeared in several films , including Tony Rome ; History of the World , Part I ; and Splash . In television , he guest starred on such television shows as Love , American Style and Combat ! , and later Laverne Shirley and Mad About You . Early life and education Fred Sheldon Greenfield was born on April 8 , 1926 , to Jewish parents , Carl and Bessie Greenfield , and raised on the North Side of Chicago . In his youth , Greene enjoyed performing as a singer and in a drama club he formed while attending Sullivan High School . He emulated his older brother , who liked to speak in accents . During World War II , Greene served in the U . S . Navy for three years and was discharged in 1944 . He was briefly , but more than once , enrolled at Wright Junior College .
Vijayaraj Alagarswami 25 August 1952 28 December 2023 , better known by his stage name Vijayakanth , was an Indian actor and politician who worked in Tamil cinema . He acted in over 150 films in his career spanning four decades . He was well known for his performances in Vaidehi Kathirunthal 1984 , Amman Kovil Kizhakale 1986 , Poonthotta Kaavalkaaran 1988 , Senthoora Poove 1988 , Pulan Visaranai 1990 , Chinna Gounder 1992 , Honest Raj 1994 , Thayagam 1996 and Vaanathaippola 2000 . He won two Filmfare Awards South and three Tamil Nadu State Film Awards . He was awarded the Kalaimamani in 2001 , the highest civilian award in Tamil Nadu . For his role in Senthoora Poove , Vijayakanth won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actor in 1988 . In 1996 , he was awarded the Tamil Nadu State Film Award Special Prize for his role in Thayagam . He was also the recipient of two Cinema Express Awards and one Filmfare Awards South . Vijayakanth was one of very few Tamil lead actors to have acted only in Tamil films throughout his career . His films have mostly been dubbed into Telugu
XXX stylized as xXx and pronounced Triple X is an American spy fiction action film series created by Rich Wilkes . It consists of three full length feature films XXX 2002 , XXX State of the Union 2005 and XXX Return of Xander Cage 2017 , and a short film The Final Chapter The Death of Xander Cage . The series has grossed 694 million worldwide . Films XXX 2002 The film was released on August 9 , 2002 , which stars Vin Diesel as Xander Cage , a thrill seeking extreme sports enthusiast , stuntman and rebellious athlete turned reluctant spy for the National Security Agency who is sent on a dangerous mission to infiltrate a group of potential Russian terrorists in Central Europe . The film also stars Asia Argento , Marton Csokas and Samuel L . Jackson . It was directed by Rob Cohen , who previously directed The Fast and the Furious 2001 , in which Diesel also starred . XXX State of the Union 2005 The film was released on April 29 , 2005 , which stars Ice Cube as Darius Stone , a new agent in the Triple X program , who is sent
Heath Andrew Ledger 4 April 1979 22 January 2008 was an Australian actor . After playing roles in several Australian television and film productions during the 1990s , he moved to the United States in 1998 to further develop his film career . His work consisted of 20 films in a variety of genres , including 10 Things I Hate About You 1999 , The Patriot 2000 , A Knight s Tale 2001 , Monster s Ball 2001 , Casanova 2005 , Lords of Dogtown 2005 , Brokeback Mountain 2005 , Candy 2006 , I m Not There 2007 , The Dark Knight 2008 , and The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus 2009 , the latter two of which were posthumously released . He also produced and directed music videos and aspired to be a film director . For his portrayal of Ennis Del Mar in Ang Lee s Brokeback Mountain , he received nominations for the BAFTA Award , Screen Actors Guild Award , Golden Globe Award and the Academy Award for Best Actor , becoming the eighth youngest nominee in the category at that time . In 2007 , he played a fictional actor , Robbie Clark , one
Natalia Grace Barnett born September 4 , 2003 is a Ukrainian born American with dwarfism , who , in 2010 , was adopted by an American family but abandoned by them two years later . Barnett s adoptive parents claimed that Barnett was a legal adult , and , in 2012 , they successfully sought a court order legally changing her birth year from 2003 to 1989 . However , through an August 2023 DNA test , the health testing company TruDiagnostic estimated that Grace was about 20 years old , meaning she was around 9 years old when her adoptive parents abandoned her . Barnett is the subject of two television series , the 2023 2024 series The Curious Case of Natalia Grace re titled to The Curious Case of Natalia Grace Natalia Speaks for season 2 and the upcoming Hulu TV series Orphan . Early life and adoption Natalia Grace was born in Ukraine to Anna Volodymyrivna Gava of Mykolaiv . After birth , she was placed in an orphanage in Ukraine . She was diagnosed with spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita , a rare form of dwarfism . She came to the United States as an adoptee and was
David Khari Webber Chappelle shə PEL ; born August 24 , 1973 is an American stand up comedian and actor . He starred in and co created the satirical comedy sketch series Chappelle s Show 2003 2006 before quitting in the middle of production during the third season . After a hiatus , Chappelle returned to performing stand up comedy across the U . S . By 2006 , Chappelle was called the comic genius of America by Esquire and , in 2013 , the best by a Billboard writer . In 2017 , Rolling Stone ranked him No . 9 in their 50 Best Stand Up Comics of All Time . Chappelle has appeared in various films , including Robin Hood Men in Tights 1993 , The Nutty Professor 1996 , Con Air 1997 , You ve Got Mail 1998 , Blue Streak 1999 , Undercover Brother 2002 , Dave Chappelle s Block Party 2005 , Chi Raq 2015 and A Star Is Born 2018 . His first lead role was in the 1998 comedy film Half Baked , which he co wrote . Chappelle also starred in the ABC comedy series Buddies 1996 . In 2016 , he
Jeannie Camtu Mai born January 4 , 1979 is an American television personality , best known for her work on the makeover show How Do I Look ? and the syndicated daytime talk show The Real . As a fashion expert , she is frequently featured on television programs such as Today , Extra TV , Entertainment Tonight , and Insider . She has also appeared as a host for E ! and as a red carpet host for the American Music Awards . Mai was a correspondent for the 2011 , 2012 , and 2013 Miss Universe pageants ; she co hosted the 2022 and 2023 editions as well . Early life Jeannie Mai was born and raised in San Jose , California , to a Chinese Vietnamese father and a Vietnamese mother . She attended Milpitas High School . Career 1997 2004 At age 18 , Mai launched her career as a makeup artist for MAC Cosmetics while still living in San Jose . As a trainer , she worked her way from face to face until she was eventually traveling the world to work for celebrities such as Christina Aguilera and Alicia Keys . This led her
Dick Clark s New Year s Rockin Eve NYRE , billed since 2008 as Dick Clark s New Year s Rockin Eve with Ryan Seacrest , is a New Year s Eve television special broadcast by ABC . The special broadcasts primarily from New York City s Times Square and prominently features coverage of its annual ball drop event hosted by television personality Ryan Seacrest , along with live and pre recorded musical performances by popular musicians from Times Square and Hollywood . Since 2016 17 , the special has regularly included performances and coverage of midnight festivities from other U . S . locations , including New Orleans Central Time , from 2017 2024 and San Juan Atlantic Time , from 2021 2022 . Its creator and namesake was the entertainer Dick Clark , who conceived New Year s Rockin Eve as a youthful competitor to Guy Lombardo s popular and long running New Year s Eve specials on CBS . The special first aired on December 31 , 1972 ; its first two editions were broadcast by NBC , and hosted by Three Dog Night and George Carlin , respectively , with Clark anchoring coverage from Times Square
Stephen Sarkisian born March 8 , 1974 is an American football coach and former player who is the head football coach at the University of Texas at Austin . He previously served as the head football coach at the University of Washington from 2009 to 2013 and the University of Southern California USC from 2014 to 2015 . Sarkisian played college football as a quarterback at Brigham Young University BYU and professionally with the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League CFL . Sarkisian served as the offensive coordinator for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League NFL from 2017 to 2018 and at the University of Alabama from 2019 to 2020 . Playing career USC and El Camino College baseball After a standout baseball and football career at West High School in Torrance , California , Sarkisian s size 6 , 165 lb did not attract any college football offers . He began his collegiate athletic career in 1992 at the University of Southern California USC as a non scholarship middle infielder on the Trojans baseball team . He struggled playing NCAA Division I baseball and transferred after a semester to El Camino College , a two year
When a work s copyright expires , it enters the public domain . The following is a list of creators whose works enter the public domain in 2024 . Since laws vary globally , the copyright status of some works are not uniform . Countries with life 70 years With the exception of Belarus Life 50 years and Spain which has a copyright term of Life 80 years for creators that died before 1987 , a work enters the public domain in Europe 70 years after the creator s death , if it was published during the creator s lifetime . For previously unpublished material , those who publish it first will have the publication rights for 25 years . Countries with life 60 years In Bangladesh , India , and Venezuela a work enters the public domain 60 years after the creator s death . Countries with life 50 years In most countries of Africa and Asia , as well as Belarus , Bolivia and New Zealand , a work enters the public domain 50 years after the creator s death . Countries with life 80 years Spain has a copyright term of life 80 years for creators that
Morgan Cole Wallen born May 13 , 1993 is an American country music singer and songwriter . He competed in the sixth season of The Voice , originally as a member of Usher s team , but later as a member of Adam Levine s team . After being eliminated in the playoffs of that season , he signed to Panacea Records , releasing his debut EP , Stand Alone , in 2015 . He has received several awards including an Academy of Country Music Award and fourteen Billboard Music Awards . In 2016 , Wallen signed to Big Loud , releasing his debut album , If I Know Me , in 2018 . The album includes the singles Up Down featuring Florida Georgia Line , Whiskey Glasses , and Chasin You . If I Know Me reached No . 1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart . Wallen s second album , Dangerous The Double Album , was released in January 2021 , and in February 2021 became the only country album in the 64 year history of the Billboard 200 to spend its first seven weeks at No . 1 . It spent a total of ten
Annapoorani The Goddess of Food is a 2023 Indian Tamil language drama film directed by Nilesh Krishnaa in his directorial debut and jointly produced by Jatin Sethi and R . Ravindran under Zee Studios , Naad Sstudios and Trident Arts . The film stars Nayanthara in the title role , alongside Poornima Ravi , Jai and Sathyaraj . It follows Annapoorani , who aspires to become a chef , and the obstacles she comes across while trying to fulfill her dream . The film was officially announced in July 2022 , with the tentative title Nayanthara 75 , as it is Nayanthara s 75th film in the lead role , while the title of the film was announced in October 2023 . Principal photography commenced in April 2023 in Chennai along with a schedule held in Tiruchirappalli and wrapped by mid September 2023 . The film has music composed by Thaman S , cinematography handled by Sathyan Sooryan and editing by Praveen Anthony . Annapoorani was released in theatres on 1 December 2023 and received mixed reviews from critics . After its streaming debut on Netflix , the film elicited accusations of promoting love jihad and hurting Hindu sentiments ,
Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro Portuguese pronunciation kɾiʃˈtjɐnu ʁɔˈnaldu ; born 5 February 1985 is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward for and captains both Saudi Pro League club Al Nassr and the Portugal national team . Widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time , Ronaldo has won five Ballon d Or awards , a record three UEFA Men s Player of the Year Awards , and four European Golden Shoes , the most by a European player . He has won 33 trophies in his career , including seven league titles , five UEFA Champions Leagues , the UEFA European Championship and the UEFA Nations League . Ronaldo holds the records for most appearances 183 , goals 140 and assists 42 in the Champions League , goals in the European Championship 14 , international goals 128 and international appearances 205 . He is one of the few players to have made over 1 , 200 professional career appearances , the most by an outfield player , and has scored over 850 official senior career goals for club and country , making him the top goalscorer of all time . Ronaldo began his
William Caleb Yarborough March 27 , 1939 December 31 , 2023 was an American NASCAR Winston Cup Series driver and owner , businessman , farmer , and rancher . He was one of only two drivers in NASCAR history to win three consecutive championships , winning in 1976 , 1977 , and 1978 . He was one of the preeminent stock car drivers from the 1960s to the 1980s and also competed in IndyCar events . His fame was such that a special model of the Mercury Cyclone Spoiler II was named after him . His 83 wins tie him with Jimmie Johnson for sixth on the all time NASCAR Cup Series winner s list behind Bobby Allison and Darrell Waltrip , who are tied for fourth with 84 . His 14 . 82 winning percentage is the ninth best of all time and third among those with 500 or more starts . Yarborough won the Daytona 500 four times ; his first win coming in 1968 for the Wood Brothers , the second in 1977 for Junior Johnson , and back to back wins in 1983 and 1984 for Ranier Lundy Racing . Yarborough was a three time winner
Charles III Charles Philip Arthur George ; born 14 November 1948 is King of the United Kingdom and the 14 other Commonwealth realms . Charles was born in Buckingham Palace during the reign of his maternal grandfather , King George VI , and became heir apparent when his mother , Queen Elizabeth II , acceded to the throne in 1952 . He was created Prince of Wales in 1958 and his investiture was held in 1969 . He was educated at Cheam School and Gordonstoun , and later spent six months at the Timbertop campus of Geelong Grammar School in Victoria , Australia . After completing a history degree from the University of Cambridge , Charles served in the Royal Air Force and the Royal Navy from 1971 to 1976 . In 1981 , he married Lady Diana Spencer . They had two sons , William and Harry . Charles and Diana divorced in 1996 , after they had each engaged in well publicised extramarital affairs . Diana died as a result of injuries sustained in a car crash the following year . In 2005 , Charles married his long term partner , Camilla Parker Bowles . As heir apparent
Bonnie Elizabeth Parker October 1 , 1910 May 23 , 1934 and Clyde Chestnut Champion Barrow March 24 , 1909 May 23 , 1934 were American bandits who traveled the Central United States with their gang during the Great Depression . The couple was known for their bank robberies and multiple murders , although they preferred to rob small stores or rural funeral homes . Their exploits captured the attention of the American press and its readership during what is occasionally referred to as the public enemy era between 1931 and 1934 . They were ambushed by police and shot to death in Bienville Parish , Louisiana . They are believed to have murdered at least nine police officers and four civilians . The 1967 film Bonnie and Clyde , directed by Arthur Penn and starring Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway in the title roles , was a commercial and critical success which revived interest in the criminals and glamorized them with a romantic aura . The 2019 Netflix film The Highwaymen depicted their manhunt from the point of view of the pursuing lawmen . Bonnie Parker Bonnie Elizabeth Parker was born in 1910 in Rowena , Texas , the
The United States of America USA or U . S . A . , commonly known as the United States US or U . S . or America , is a country primarily located in North America , between Canada and Mexico . It is a federation of 50 states , a federal capital district Washington , D . C . , and 326 Indian reservations . Outside the union of states , it asserts sovereignty over five major unincorporated island territories and various uninhabited islands . The country has the world s third largest land area , largest maritime exclusive economic zone , and the third largest population , exceeding 334 million . Paleo Indians migrated across the Bering land bridge more than 12 , 000 years ago . British colonization led to the first settlement of the Thirteen Colonies in Virginia in 1607 . Clashes with the British Crown over taxation and political representation sparked the American Revolution , with the Second Continental Congress formally declaring independence on July 4 , 1776 . Following its victory in the Revolutionary War 1775 1783 , the country continued to expand across North America . As more states were admitted ,
Wikipedia is a free content online encyclopedia written and maintained by a community of volunteers , known as Wikipedians , through open collaboration and the use of the wiki based editing system MediaWiki . Wikipedia is the largest and most read reference work in history . It is consistently ranked as one of the ten most popular websites in the world , and as of 2024 is ranked the fifth most visited website on the Internet by Semrush . Founded by Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger on January 15 , 2001 , Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation , an American nonprofit organization that employs a staff of over 700 people . Initially only available in English , editions in other languages have been developed . Wikipedia s editions , when combined , comprise more than 62 million articles , attracting around 2 billion unique device visits per month and more than 14 million edits per month about 5 . 2 edits per second on average as of November 2023 . Roughly 26 of Wikipedia s traffic is from the United States , followed by Japan at 5 . 9 , the United Kingdom at 5 . 4 ,
2023 MMXXIII was a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar , the 2023rd year of the Common Era CE and Anno Domini AD designations , the 23rd year of the 3rd millennium and the 21st century , and the 4th year of the 2020s decade . The year 2023 saw the decline in severity of the COVID 19 pandemic , with the WHO World Health Organization ending its global health emergency status in May . Catastrophic natural disasters included the fifth deadliest earthquake of the 21st century striking Turkey and Syria , leaving up to 62 , 000 people dead , Cyclone Freddy the longest lasting recorded tropical cyclone in history leading to over 1 , 400 deaths in Malawi and Mozambique , Storm Daniel , which became the deadliest cyclone worldwide since Cyclone Nargis after killing at least 11 , 000 people in Libya , a major 6 . 8 magnitude earthquake striking western Morocco , killing 2 , 960 people , and a 6 . 3 magnitude quadruple earthquake striking western Afghanistan , killing over 1 , 400 people . The Russian invasion of Ukraine and Myanmar civil war continued in 2023 , and a
Kevin Ross Adkisson born May 15 , 1957 is an American retired professional wrestler , better known by his ring name , Kevin Von Erich . A member of the Von Erich family , Von Erich is best known for his appearances with his father s World Class Championship Wrestling promotion . He is a six time world champion , having held the WCWA World Heavyweight Championship NWA American Heavyweight Championship on 6 different occasions . Football career Adkisson played football at North Texas State University as a fullback , second string to Garry Smith , until an injury ended his football career and dream of playing in the National Football League . Professional wrestling career World Class Championship Wrestling 1976 1990 Early career 1976 1981 Adkisson started wrestling as Kevin Von Erich in 1976 . He spent most of his career wrestling for his father s promotion , World Class Championship Wrestling . Kevin s natural athletic ability and good looks made him one of the promotion s biggest stars . He achieved great success in the company both as a singles and tag team wrestler , often participating in many of the company s high profile feuds .
Sound of Freedom is a 2023 American Christian thriller film directed and co written by Alejandro Monteverde , and starring Jim Caviezel , Mira Sorvino and Bill Camp . Caviezel plays Tim Ballard , a former U . S . government agent who embarks on a mission to rescue children from sex traffickers in Colombia . It is produced by Eduardo Verástegui , who also plays a role in the film . The plot centers around Ballard s Operation Underground Railroad , an anti sex trafficking organization . While is purportedly based on the life of Ballard , multiple investigative journalists have written about the real life Ballard and O . U . R . , pointing out that the events in the film bear little resemblance to reality . The film was released on July 4 , 2023 , by Angel Studios . It was a sleeper hit , becoming one of the most successful independent films in history . It has grossed 250 million against a 14 . 5 million budget . It received mixed reviews from critics , while audience reception was highly positive . The film attracted considerable attention for its connections to the QAnon conspiracy
Taika David Cohen born 16 August 1975 , known professionally as Taika Waititi TY kə WY tih tee , is a New Zealand filmmaker , actor and comedian . He is known for directing quirky comedy films and has expanded his career as a voice actor and producer on numerous projects . He has received numerous accolades including an Academy Award , a BAFTA Award and a Grammy Award , as well as two nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award . Time magazine named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2022 . His feature films Boy 2010 and Hunt for the Wilderpeople 2016 have each been the top grossing New Zealand film . Waititi s 2003 short film Two Cars , One Night earned him an Academy Award nomination for Best Live Action Short Film . He co wrote , co directed and starred in the horror comedy film What We Do in the Shadows 2014 with Jemaine Clement , which was adapted into a television series of the same name in 2019 . The series has been nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series . His directing credits include the
Nimarata Nikki Haley née Randhawa ; born January 20 , 1972 is an American politician and diplomat who served as the 116th governor of South Carolina from 2011 to 2017 and as the 29th U . S . ambassador to the United Nations from January 2017 to December 2018 . A Republican , Haley is the first Indian American to serve in a presidential cabinet . She was a candidate in the 2024 Republican Party presidential primaries . Upon winning the Washington , D . C . primary on March 3 , 2024 , Haley became the first woman to prevail in a Republican Party presidential primary . Haley joined her family s clothing business before serving as treasurer and then president of the National Association of Women Business Owners . She was elected to the South Carolina House of Representatives in 2004 and served three terms . In 2010 , during her third term , she was elected governor of South Carolina . Haley was South Carolina s first female governor and the second U . S . governor of Indian descent , after Bobby Jindal of Louisiana . During her time as governor , she received national attention
Barbie is a 2023 fantasy comedy film directed by Greta Gerwig from a screenplay she wrote with Noah Baumbach . Based on the eponymous fashion dolls by Mattel , it is the first live action Barbie film after numerous animated films and specials . It stars Margot Robbie as the title character and Ryan Gosling as Ken , and follows them on a journey of self discovery through both Barbieland and the real world following an existential crisis . It is also a commentary regarding patriarchy and the effects of feminism . The supporting cast includes America Ferrera , Michael Cera , Kate McKinnon , Issa Rae , Rhea Perlman , and Will Ferrell . A live action Barbie film was announced in September 2009 by Universal Pictures with Laurence Mark producing . Development began in April 2014 , when Sony Pictures acquired the film rights . Following multiple writer and director changes and the casting of Amy Schumer and later Anne Hathaway as Barbie , the rights were transferred to Warner Bros . Pictures in October 2018 . Robbie was cast in 2019 , after Gal Gadot turned down the role due to scheduling conflicts , and Gerwig was
Val Edward Kilmer born December 31 , 1959 is an American actor . Originally a stage actor , he found fame after appearances in comedy films , starting with Top Secret ! 1984 and Real Genius 1985 , as well as the military action film Top Gun 1986 and the fantasy film Willow 1988 . Kilmer gained acclaim for his portrayal of Jim Morrison in Oliver Stone s The Doors 1991 . He was cast as a main character in critically acclaimed films such as the western Tombstone 1993 , and the crime dramas True Romance 1993 and Heat 1995 . He portrayed Batman in Joel Schumacher s Batman Forever 1995 , and continued to star in films such as The Ghost and the Darkness 1996 , The Saint 1997 , The Prince of Egypt 1998 , Alexander 2004 , Kiss Kiss Bang Bang 2005 , and The Snowman 2017 . In 2022 , Kilmer reprised his role as Iceman in Top Gun Maverick 2022 . Since 2015 , Kilmer has privately struggled with throat cancer ; he had a procedure on his trachea that damaged his vocal cords to the point where he had extreme difficulty speaking . He
Jeremy Lee Renner born January 7 , 1971 is an American actor . He began his career by appearing in independent films such as Dahmer 2002 and Neo Ned 2005 , then supporting roles in bigger films , such as S . W . A . T . 2003 and 28 Weeks Later 2007 . Renner gained Academy Award nominations for Best Actor for his performance as a soldier in The Hurt Locker 2009 and for Best Supporting Actor for playing a hot headed robber in The Town 2010 . Renner has played Clint Barton Hawkeye in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , including in The Avengers 2012 and in the Disney miniseries Hawkeye 2021 . He also appeared in the action films Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol 2011 , The Bourne Legacy 2012 , Hansel Gretel Witch Hunters 2013 and Mission Impossible Rogue Nation 2015 ; and the dramas American Hustle 2013 , Arrival 2016 , and Wind River 2017 . Since 2021 , he has starred in the Paramount crime thriller series Mayor of Kingstown . Early life Renner was born in Modesto , California , to mother Valerie Cearley née Tague and father Lee Renner , who managed McHenry
XNXX is a website for sharing and viewing pornographic videos . As of December 2023 , it was classified as the 15th most visited website in the world by Similarweb . It launched in 2000 and is currently hosted in Paris , with servers and offices in Montreal , Tokyo and Newark . XNXX is owned by WGCZ Holding , the same company that runs XVideos , another popular pornographic website . A Business Insider ranking from 2018 placed it in the three most popular porn sites worldwide . History XNXX was founded in 1997 . WGCZ Holding s ownership was first revealed in 2014 when WGCZ brought a Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy case against a similar domain in 2014 . In March 2016 , The Next Web identified WGCZ Holding as a Polish company headed by Stephane Michael Pacaud and Deborah Malorie Pacaud . In 2018 , the Government of India blocked XNXX , among other porn websites , after a Uttarakhand High Court court order demanding the same in a rape case where the perpetrators stated they were motivated to do so after watching online pornography . In January 2023 , The Financial Times reported that
Dany Garcia Rienzi is an American film producer and businesswoman . She is the founder of GSTQ and the CEO and chair of The Garcia Companies overseeing a portfolio of brands in business , entertainment , and food , including Teremana Tequila , Athleticon , and the Project Rock Collection at Under Armour , VOSS , Atom Tickets , Salt Straw , ZOA Energy , Acorns , and the UFL . Following her graduation from the University of Miami s School of Business , she began her career in finance at Merrill Lynch in 1992 . In 2008 , she began managing her ex husband Dwayne Johnson s career . In 2012 , Garcia co founded the production company Seven Bucks Productions , for which she has since produced several films starring Johnson , including Baywatch , Jumanji Welcome to the Jungle both 2017 , Shazam ! , Hobbs Shaw , Jumanji The Next Level all 2019 , Jungle Cruise , Red Notice both 2021 , DC League of Super Pets , and Black Adam both 2022 . Early life Garcia was born to Cuban immigrants and grew up in New Jersey . She has one brother , Hiram ,
Dwayne Douglas Johnson born May 2 , 1972 , also known by his ring name The Rock , is an American actor , businessman , and professional wrestler . He is currently signed to WWE performing on the SmackDown brand as a member of The Bloodline . Widely regarded as one of the greatest professional wrestlers of all time , he was integral to the development and success of the World Wrestling Federation WWF , now WWE during the Attitude Era , an industry boom period in the late 1990s and early 2000s . Johnson wrestled for the WWF for eight years before pursuing an acting career . His films have grossed over 3 . 5 billion in North America and over 10 . 5 billion worldwide , making him one of the world s highest grossing and highest paid actors . He is a co owner of the United Football League , a professional American football league . He is also a member of the board of directors of TKO Group Holdings , the parent company of UFC and WWE . In 2012 , he co founded the entertainment production company Seven Bucks Productions . He is the founder
Alia Bhatt ; born 15 March 1993 is a British actress of Indian descent who predominantly works in Hindi films . Known for her portrayals of women in troubling circumstances , she has received several accolades , including a National Film Award and six Filmfare Awards . One of India s highest paid actresses , she has appeared in Forbes India s Celebrity 100 list since 2014 and was awarded the Time100 Impact Award in 2022 . Born into the Bhatt family , she is the daughter of filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt and actress Soni Razdan . After making her acting debut as a child in the 1999 thriller Sangharsh , she played her first leading role in Karan Johar s teen film Student of the Year 2012 . She won the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actress for playing a kidnapping victim in the road drama Highway 2014 , and went on to establish herself with starring roles in several romantic films produced by Johar s studio Dharma Productions . Bhatt won Filmfare Awards for Best Actress for playing a victim of drug abuse in the crime drama Udta Punjab 2016 , an undercover spy in the thriller Raazi 2018
Emily Jean Emma Stone born November 6 , 1988 is an American actress and producer . She is the recipient of various accolades , including two Academy Awards , two British Academy Film Awards , and two Golden Globe Awards . In 2017 , she was the world s highest paid actress and named by Time magazine as one of the 100 most influential people in the world . Born and raised in Scottsdale , Arizona , Stone began acting as a child in a theater production of The Wind in the Willows in 2000 . As a teenager , she relocated to Los Angeles and made her television debut in In Search of the New Partridge Family 2004 , a reality show that produced only an unsold pilot . After small television roles , she appeared in a series of well received teen comedy films , such as Superbad 2007 , Zombieland 2009 , and Easy A 2010 , which was Stone s first leading role . Following this breakthrough , she starred in the romantic comedy Crazy , Stupid , Love 2011 and the period drama The Help 2011 , and gained wider recognition as Gwen Stacy in
Tina Turner born Anna Mae Bullock ; November 26 , 1939 May 24 , 2023 was a singer , songwriter , and actress . Known as the Queen of Rock n Roll , she rose to prominence as the lead singer of the husband wife duo Ike Tina Turner before launching a successful career as a solo performer . Born in Tennessee , Turner began her musical career with her future husband Ike Turner s band , the Kings of Rhythm , in 1956 . Under the name Little Ann , she appeared on her first record , Boxtop , in 1958 . In 1960 , she debuted as Tina Turner with the hit single A Fool in Love . The Ike Tina Turner Revue became one of the most formidable live acts in history . The duo released hits such as It s Gonna Work Out Fine , River Deep Mountain High , Proud Mary , and Nutbush City Limits before disbanding in 1976 . In the 1980s , Turner launched one of the greatest comebacks in music history . Her 1984 multi platinum album Private Dancer contained the hit song What s Love Got to Do with It
XXX Return of Xander Cage released as XXX Reactivated in some countries is a 2017 American action thriller film directed by D . J . Caruso and written by F . Scott Frazier . The film stars Vin Diesel in the title role , Donnie Yen , Deepika Padukone , Kris Wu , Ruby Rose , Tony Jaa , Nina Dobrev , Toni Collette , Ariadna Gutiérrez , Hermione Corfield , and Samuel L . Jackson . It is the third installment in the XXX film series and a sequel to both XXX 2002 and XXX State of the Union 2005 . Paramount Pictures released the film on January 20 , 2017 , in 2D , RealD 3D and IMAX 3D . The film received mixed reviews from critics and grossed over 346 million worldwide against a production budget of 85 million , making it both the franchise s and Revolution Studios highest grossing film . A sequel is in development . Plot NSA Agent Augustus Gibbons attempts to recruit footballer Neymar for the Triple X XXX program when a satellite crashes , apparently killing them both . Shortly afterwards , a team of four skilled individuals led by Xiang
This is a list of earthquakes in Japan with either a magnitude greater than or equal to 7 . 0 or which caused significant damage or casualties . As indicated below , magnitude is measured on the Richter magnitude scale ML or the moment magnitude scale Mw , or the surface wave magnitude scale Ms for very old earthquakes . The present list is not exhaustive , and furthermore reliable and precise magnitude data is scarce for earthquakes that occurred before the development of modern measuring instruments . History Although there is mention of an earthquake in Yamato in what is now Nara Prefecture on August 23 , 416 , the first earthquake to be reliably documented took place in Nara prefecture on May 28 , 599 during the reign of Empress Suiko , destroying buildings throughout Yamato province . Many historical records of Japanese earthquakes exist . The Imperial Earthquake Investigation Committee was created in 1892 to conduct a systematic collation of the available historical data , published in 1899 as the Catalogue of Historical Data on Japanese Earthquakes . Following the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake , the Imperial Earthquake Investigation Committee was superseded by the Earthquake Research Institute
Kirk Daniel Cousins born August 19 , 1988 is an American football quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League NFL . He played college football for the Michigan State Spartans and was selected by the Washington Redskins in the fourth round of the 2012 NFL draft as a backup to fellow rookie Robert Griffin III . Cousins occasionally appeared in games during his first three seasons before replacing Griffin following an injury in 2015 , where he remained the team s starter until 2017 . With the Redskins , Cousins set numerous franchise records and was named to the 2017 Pro Bowl . After two years of signing franchise tags and being unable to agree with the team on a long term deal , Cousins signed a fully guaranteed three year US 84 million contract with the Minnesota Vikings as a free agent in 2018 . In six seasons with the Vikings , he earned three Pro Bowl selections and ranks third in the Vikings all time passing yards list . Cousins also ranks fifth all time in completion percentage with at least 1 , 500 pass attempts , and is eighth in the NFL s all
Keisha Buchanan ; born 30 September 1984 is an English singer and a founding member of the girl group Sugababes alongside Mutya Buena and Siobhán Donaghy . With the Sugababes , she had six number one singles and two number one studio albums , making them one of the most successful British pop acts of the 21st century . Buchanan was sacked to leave the group in September 2009 and was replaced by Jade Ewen . Buchanan returned to the group in 2012 with the original lineup . In 2012 , she and her former Sugababes bandmates Buena and Donaghy confirmed their reunion . The original trio was not able to release music under the name Sugababes as it was still being used by the then current members of the group . Instead they released music under the name Mutya Keisha Siobhan before securing the legal rights to the Sugababes name in 2019 . Early life Keisha Kerreece Fayeanne Buchanan was born on 30 September 1984 in Westminster , London , to parents of Jamaican descent . She first met and befriended future Sugababes member Mutya Buena in primary school . She recognised her from an appearance on a talent
The Hunger Games The Ballad of Songbirds Snakes is a 2023 American dystopian action film directed by Francis Lawrence from a screenplay by Michael Lesslie and Michael Arndt . Based on the 2020 novel The Ballad of Songbirds and Snakes by Suzanne Collins , it serves as a prequel to The Hunger Games 2012 , and is the fifth installment in The Hunger Games film series . The film stars Tom Blyth , Rachel Zegler , Peter Dinklage , Jason Schwartzman , Hunter Schafer , Josh Andrés Rivera , and Viola Davis . Set 64 years before the events of the first film , its plot follows the events that lead a young Coriolanus Snow on the path to becoming the tyrannical leader of Panem , including his relationship with the Hunger Games District 12 tribute Lucy Gray Baird during the 10th Hunger Games . The Hunger Games The Ballad of Songbirds Snakes premiered in Berlin on November 5 , 2023 , and was released theatrically in the United States on November 17 , 2023 , by Lionsgate Films . The film received mixed reviews from critics and was a financial success , grossing 337 million worldwide against a production
The 2024 United States presidential election will be the 60th quadrennial presidential election , set to be held on Tuesday , November 5 , 2024 . Voters will elect a president and vice president for a term of four years . Incumbent President Joe Biden , a member of the Democratic Party , is running for re election . His predecessor Donald Trump , a member of the Republican Party , is running for re election for a second , nonconsecutive term . This will mark the seventh presidential rematch in American history and the first since 1956 . If Trump wins , he would become the second president to serve a nonconsecutive term , the first being Grover Cleveland . The winner of this election is scheduled to be inaugurated on January 20 , 2025 . It will occur at the same time as elections relating to the U . S . Senate , House , gubernatorial , and state legislative . On March 12 , Biden and Trump became the presumptive nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties respectively by clinching a majority of delegates , although they have yet to be confirmed at the nominating conventions .
Lamar Demeatrice Jackson Jr . born January 7 , 1997 is an American football quarterback for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League NFL . He played college football for the Louisville Cardinals , where he won the Heisman Trophy during his sophomore year , and was selected by the Ravens as the final first round pick of the 2018 NFL draft . Jackson became the Ravens starting quarterback in his rookie season after an injury to incumbent Joe Flacco and clinched a division title with the team , also becoming the youngest NFL quarterback to start a playoff game at age 21 . The next year , Jackson set the single season record for quarterback rushing yards and led the league in touchdown passes , while helping the Ravens obtain their conference s top seed . For his success , he became the second unanimous Most Valuable Player MVP and the fourth African American quarterback to win the award . Jackson followed up his MVP campaign by becoming the first quarterback to have multiple seasons with 1 , 000 rushing yards and led the Ravens to a third consecutive playoff appearance . Following the 2022 season , he
Olivia Lauryn Dean born 14 March 1999 is an English neo soul singer . Her music is described as devastating heartbreak ballads and sing along self love anthems . She has released one studio album Messy 2023 and five EPs . In 2021 , Dean was named the breakthrough artist of the year by Amazon Music and , in 2023 , Dean was selected as BBC Music Introducing Artist of the Year . Biography Early life Dean was born in the London Borough of Haringey to an English father and a Jamaican Guyanese mother . Her grandmother immigrated to the UK from Guyana at age 18 as part of the Windrush generation . Her middle name Lauryn is inspired from Lauryn Hill , of whom her parents are big fans . She grew up in Highams Park and sometimes felt othered for being of mixed race . Her father often listened to music and they would dance around the kitchen together . In primary school , she sang Tomorrow from the musical Annie in a competition and was so nervous that she initially turned her back to the audience and started crying from stage fright , although she did win
Anyone but You is a 2023 American romantic comedy film directed by Will Gluck , who co wrote the screenplay with Ilana Wolpert . Loosely based on Much Ado About Nothing by William Shakespeare , it stars Sydney Sweeney and Glen Powell . The supporting cast includes Alexandra Shipp , GaTa , Hadley Robinson , Michelle Hurd , Dermot Mulroney , Darren Barnet , Bryan Brown , and Rachel Griffiths . Anyone but You premiered in AMC Lincoln Square Theater on December 11 , 2023 and was released theatrically in the United States by Sony Pictures Releasing on December 22 , 2023 . The film received mixed reviews from critics and grossed 215 million worldwide . Plot While trying to secure a restroom key at a coffee shop , Boston University law student Bea meets Goldman Sachs employee Ben . The two have an instant connection and spend the day together , ultimately falling asleep on Ben s couch . She leaves without waking him in the morning , but reconsiders and returns to the apartment , only to overhear him insulting her while talking to his friend Pete . Bea and Ben do not see each other again for
Audrey Kathleen Hepburn née Ruston ; 4 May 1929 20 January 1993 was a British actress . Recognised as a film and fashion icon , she was ranked by the American Film Institute as the third greatest female screen legend from the Classical Hollywood cinema and was inducted into the International Best Dressed Hall of Fame List . Born into an aristocratic family in Ixelles , Brussels , Hepburn spent parts of her childhood in Belgium , England and the Netherlands . She attended boarding school in Kent , England from 1936 to 1939 . With the outbreak of World War II , she returned to the Netherlands . During the war , Hepburn studied ballet at the Arnhem Conservatory and by 1944 , she performed ballet to raise money to support the Dutch resistance . Hepburn studied ballet with Sonia Gaskell in Amsterdam beginning in 1945 and with Marie Rambert in London from 1948 . She began performing as a chorus girl in West End musical theatre productions and then had minor appearances in several films . Hepburn rose to stardom in the romantic comedy Roman Holiday 1953 alongside Gregory Peck , for which she was the first actress
Emerald Lilly Fennell ; born 1 October 1985 is an English actress , filmmaker , and writer . She has received numerous accolades , including an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards , and nominations for three Primetime Emmy Awards and three Golden Globe Awards . Fennell first gained attention for her roles in period films , such as Albert Nobbs 2011 , Anna Karenina 2012 , and The Danish Girl 2015 . She gained prominence for her starring role in the BBC One drama series Call the Midwife 2013 2017 and for her portrayal of Camilla Parker Bowles in the Netflix drama series The Crown 2019 2020 , the latter of which garnered her a Primetime Emmy Award nomination . As a writer director , Fennell is known as the showrunner for season two of the BBC spy thriller series Killing Eve 2019 , which earned her two Primetime Emmy Award nominations . She made her feature film directorial debut with the thriller Promising Young Woman 2020 , for which she won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay , and received nominations for Best Picture and Best Director . Fennell also wrote the book for Andrew Lloyd Webber
Jonathan James McCarthy born January 20 , 2003 is an American football quarterback . He played college football at the University of Michigan . McCarthy led the Michigan Wolverines to three consecutive Big Ten Conference titles , culminating in a national championship his junior season . McCarthy finished his career at Michigan with a 27 1 record . 964 as the starting quarterback , the third best winning percentage by a quarterback in college football history . Early life and high school McCarthy was born on January 20 , 2003 , in La Grange Park , Illinois . He attended Nazareth Academy for high school until transferring to IMG Academy in Bradenton , Florida , as a senior in 2020 after the COVID 19 pandemic led to the cancellation of Nazareth s football season . In two seasons as the starting quarterback at Nazareth , he led his team to a 26 2 record with consecutive appearances in the IHSA Class 7A state championship game , winning the state title as a sophomore in 2018 . In his lone season at IMG Academy , he led his team to an 8 0 record and a consensus high school football national
Vikrant Massey born 3 April 1987 is an Indian actor who works in Hindi films and television . After completing his education from R . D . National College , Massey made his acting debut with Dhoom Machaao Dhoom 2007 and worked in television serials such as Dharam Veer 2008 , Balika Vadhu 2009 2010 and Qubool Hai 2013 . Massey expanded to films with supporting roles in Lootera 2013 , Dil Dhadakne Do 2015 and Half Girlfriend 2017 . The independent drama A Death in the Gunj 2017 , in which Massey had a leading role , marked a turning point in his career . He subsequently appeared in the biographical drama Chhapaak 2020 , romantic comedy Dolly Kitty Aur Woh Chamakte Sitare 2020 , mystery thriller Haseen Dillruba 2021 , family drama Ramprasad Ki Tehrvi 2021 , and romantic thriller Love Hostel 2022 . Massey also had leading roles in the streaming series Mirzapur 2018 , Broken But Beautiful 2018 2019 and Criminal Justice 2019 . In 2023 , he portrayed the lead role of Manoj Kumar Sharma in the biographical film 12th Fail 2023 , which emerged as a sleeper hit and earned him the Filmfare Critics
Thanksgiving is a 2023 American slasher film directed by Eli Roth and written by Jeff Rendell , based on a story by the pair , who produced with Roger Birnbaum . Based on Roth s fictitious trailer of the same name from Grindhouse 2007 , it is the third feature length adaptation of a fictitious Grindhouse trailer after Robert Rodriguez s Machete 2010 and Jason Eisener s Hobo with a Shotgun 2011 . The film stars Patrick Dempsey , Addison Rae , Milo Manheim , Jalen Thomas Brooks , Nell Verlaque , Rick Hoffman , and Gina Gershon , and follows a small Massachusetts town that is terrorized by a killer in a John Carver mask around the Thanksgiving holiday . Thanksgiving received a theatrical release in the United States by TriStar Pictures on November 17 , 2023 . The film received generally positive reviews from critics and has grossed 46 million worldwide . A sequel is in development . Plot During Thanksgiving in Plymouth , Massachusetts , an unruly mob gathers outside the local RightMart superstore in preparation for a Black Friday sale . Jessica Wright , whose father , Thomas , owns the store , lets her ,
The Equalizer 3 is a 2023 American vigilante action thriller film directed by Antoine Fuqua . It is a sequel to The Equalizer 2 and the third and final installment of The Equalizer trilogy , based on the television series of the same name . The film stars Denzel Washington , reprising his role as retired U . S . Marine and DIA officer Robert McCall , with Dakota Fanning , Eugenio Mastrandrea , David Denman , Gaia Scodellaro , and Remo Girone in supporting roles . In the film , McCall discovers that his new friends in a small town in South Italy are intimidated by members of the Camorra , where he sets out to free them from that threat . Talks over a third entry to the franchise began following the second film s release on August 2 , 2018 . Following a long delay due to the COVID 19 pandemic , the project was officially announced in January 2022 . Filming began on October 10 , 2022 in Italy on the Amalfi Coast and continued in the region until November 20 , after which it moved to Naples in early December , before wrapping production in
The NHL Winter Classic French La Classique hivernale de la LNH is an annual outdoor ice hockey game played during the National Hockey League s NHL regular season on or around New Year s Day . It is generally held in a football or baseball stadium in the United States in an area with a resident NHL team , though for most of the game s existence , they are usually played in a baseball stadium to avoid scheduling and logistical conflicts with football stadiums during the National Football League regular season . The Winter Classic is distinct from the league s two other series of outdoor games , the NHL Heritage Classic and the NHL Stadium Series . The first Winter Classic was held in 2008 at Ralph Wilson Stadium now Highmark Stadium in Orchard Park , New York , between the Buffalo Sabres and Pittsburgh Penguins . Fifteen Winter Classics have been held as of January 2024 . The most recent game was played during the 2023 24 NHL season at T Mobile Park , with the Seattle Kraken defeating the Vegas Golden Knights 3 0 . After the success of the Cold War at Michigan State University
Cary Grant born Archibald Alec Leach ; January 18 , 1904 November 29 , 1986 was an English American actor . He was known for his Mid Atlantic accent , debonair demeanor , lighthearted approach to acting , and sense of comic timing . He was one of classic Hollywood s definitive leading men . He was nominated twice for the Academy Award , received an Academy Honorary Award in 1970 , and received the Kennedy Center Honor in 1981 . He was named the second greatest male star of the Golden Age of Hollywood by the American Film Institute in 1999 . Grant was born into an impoverished family in Bristol , where he had an unhappy childhood marked by the absence of his mother and his father s alcoholism . He became attracted to theatre at a young age when he visited the Bristol Hippodrome . At 16 , he went as a stage performer with the Pender Troupe for a tour of the US . After a series of successful performances in New York City , he decided to stay there . He established a name for himself in vaudeville in the 1920s and toured the United
John William Harbaugh HAR baw ; born September 23 , 1962 is an American football coach who is the head coach for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League NFL . Previously , he coached the defensive backs for the Philadelphia Eagles and served as the Eagles special teams coach for nine years . Harbaugh and his younger brother , former San Francisco 49ers and current Los Angeles Chargers head coach Jim Harbaugh , are the first pair of brothers in NFL history to serve as head coaches . Jack Harbaugh , Jim and John s father , served 45 years as a college defensive coach , an assistant coach , and a running backs coach . John and the Ravens beat his brother , Jim , and the 49ers at Super Bowl XLVII in New Orleans on February 3 , 2013 , by a score of 34 31 . Harbaugh has led the Ravens to 172 wins including playoffs since his tenure began in 2008 , the third most wins in the NFL over that span , and has surpassed Brian Billick for the most wins by a head coach in Baltimore Ravens franchise history . In his
The Chinese zodiac is a traditional classification scheme based on the Chinese calendar that assigns an animal and its reputed attributes to each year in a repeating twelve year cycle . In traditional Chinese culture , the Chinese zodiac is very important and exists as a reflection of Chinese philosophy and culture . Chinese folkways held that one s personality is related to the attributes of their zodiac animal . Originating from China , the zodiac and its variations remain popular in many East Asian and Southeast Asian countries , such as Japan , South Korea , Vietnam , Singapore , Nepal , Bhutan , Cambodia , and Thailand . Identifying this scheme using the generic term zodiac reflects several superficial similarities to the Western zodiac both have time cycles divided into twelve parts , each label at least the majority of those parts with names of animals , and each is widely associated with a culture of ascribing a person s personality or events in their life to the supposed influence of the person s particular relationship to the cycle . The 12 Chinese zodiac animals in a cycle are not only used to represent years in China ,
Maestro is a 2023 American biographical romantic drama film that centers on the relationship between American composer Leonard Bernstein and his wife Felicia Montealegre . It was directed by Bradley Cooper , from a screenplay he wrote with Josh Singer . It was produced by Cooper , Martin Scorsese , Steven Spielberg , Kristie Macosko Krieger , Fred Berner and Amy Durning . The film stars Carey Mulligan as Montealegre alongside Cooper as Bernstein ; Matt Bomer , Maya Hawke , and Sarah Silverman appear in supporting roles . Maestro premiered at the 80th Venice International Film Festival on September 2 , 2023 , where it was nominated for the Golden Lion . The film received a limited theatrical release on November 22 , 2023 , before being released on Netflix on December 20 . It received positive reviews from critics and was named one of the top 10 films of 2023 by the National Board of Review and the American Film Institute . The film received seven Academy Award nominations , including Best Picture , Best Actor Cooper , and Best Actress Mulligan , as well as nominations for seven BAFTA Awards , four Golden Globe Awards , and
The koala Phascolarctos cinereus , sometimes called the koala bear , is an arboreal herbivorous marsupial native to Australia . It is the only extant representative of the family Phascolarctidae and its closest living relatives are the wombats . The koala is found in coastal areas of the mainland s eastern and southern regions , inhabiting Queensland , New South Wales , Victoria , and South Australia . It is easily recognisable by its stout , tailless body and large head with round , fluffy ears and large , dark nose . The koala has a body length of 60 85 cm 24 33 in and weighs 4 15 kg 9 33 lb . Fur colour ranges from silver grey to chocolate brown . Koalas from the northern populations are typically smaller and lighter in colour than their counterparts further south . These populations possibly are separate subspecies , but this is disputed . Koalas typically inhabit open Eucalyptus woodland , as the leaves of these trees make up most of their diet . This eucalypt diet has low nutritional and caloric content and contains toxic compounds that deter most other mammals from feeding on it . Koalas are largely
Donald John Trump born June 14 , 1946 is an American politician , media personality , and businessman who served as the 45th president of the United States from 2017 to 2021 . Trump received a Bachelor of Science in economics from the University of Pennsylvania in 1968 , and his father named him president of his real estate business in 1971 . Trump renamed it the Trump Organization and reoriented the company toward building and renovating skyscrapers , hotels , casinos , and golf courses . After a series of business failures in the late twentieth century , he successfully launched side ventures that required little capital , mostly by licensing the Trump name . From 2004 to 2015 , he co produced and hosted the reality television series The Apprentice . He and his businesses have been plaintiff or defendant in more than 4 , 000 state and federal legal actions , including six business bankruptcies . Trump won the 2016 presidential election as the Republican Party nominee against Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton while losing the popular vote . During the campaign , his political positions were described as populist , protectionist , isolationist , and nationalist
Mohamed Salah Hamed Mahrous Ghaly Arabic محمد صلاح حامد محروس غالي , Egyptian Arabic pronunciation mæˈħam . mæd sˤɑˈlɑːħ ˈɣæːli ; born 15 June 1992 , known as Mohamed Salah or Mo Salah , is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a right winger or forward for Premier League club Liverpool and captains the Egypt national team . Regarded as one of the best players of his generation and among the greatest African players of all time , he is known for his clinical finishing , dribbling and speed . Salah started his senior career in 2010 playing for Al Mokawloon Al Arab , departing in 2012 to join Basel , where he won two Swiss Super League titles . In 2014 , Salah joined Chelsea for a reported fee of 11 million , but limited gametime led to successive loans to Fiorentina and Roma , who later signed him permanently for 15 million . In the 2016 17 season , Salah was a key figure in Roma s unsuccessful title bid , reaching double figures in both goals and assists . In 2017 , Salah signed for Liverpool for a then club record transfer of 36 . 9
Sir Elton Hercules John born Reginald Kenneth Dwight ; 25 March 1947 is a British singer , pianist and composer . Acclaimed by critics and musicians , particularly for his work during the 1970s and for his lasting impact on the music industry , his music and showmanship have had a significant impact on popular music . His songwriting partnership with lyricist Bernie Taupin is one of the most successful in history . John was raised in Pinner and learned to play piano at an early age , winning a scholarship to the Royal Academy of Music , where he studied for five years . He formed the blues band Bluesology in 1962 , but left in 1967 to embark on a solo career and met Taupin the same year . For two years , they wrote songs for other artists , and John worked as a session musician . In 1969 , John released his debut album Empty Sky , and a year later formed the Elton John Band , also releasing his first hit single , Your Song . John s critical success was at its peak in the 1970s , when he released a string of chart
The Rose Parade , also known as the Tournament of Roses Parade or simply the Tournament of Roses , is an annual parade held mostly along Colorado Boulevard in Pasadena , California , United States , on New Year s Day or on Monday , January 2 if New Year s Day falls on a Sunday . Produced by the non profit Pasadena Tournament of Roses Association , the parade usually starts at 8 00 a . m . Pacific Time UTC 8 , and includes flower covered floats , marching bands , and equestrian units . The parade is followed in the afternoon by the Rose Bowl , one of the major bowl games in college football . It has been uninterrupted except during World War II in 1942 , 1943 , and 1945 , and in 2021 due to the COVID 19 pandemic . First held on January 1 , 1890 , the Rose Parade is watched by hundreds of thousands of spectators . The Rose Bowl college football game was added in 1902 to help fund the cost of staging the parade . Since 2011 , Honda has been a presenting sponsor of the Rose Parade .
Kaatera is a 2023 Indian Kannada language action drama film directed by Tharun Sudhir and produced by Rockline Venkatesh . The film stars Darshan and Aradhana Ram , in her debut , in the lead roles along with Jagapathi Babu , Kumar Govind , Vinod Kumar Alwa , Danish Akhtar Saifi and Shruti in supporting roles . The music is composed by V . Harikrishna while the cinematography and editing are handled by Sudhakar . S . Raj and K . M . Prakash . The film s story is inspired by a real life incident set in a 1970s village in Karnataka . The principal photography of the film began on 5 August 2022 and the shooting took place in various locations of Bengaluru and Hyderabad . Kaatera was released on 29 December 2023 to positive reviews from critics and became the highest grossing Kannada film of 2023 and seventh highest grossing Kannada film at the time of release . Premise Kaatera , a blacksmith in Bheemanahalli , has to tackle multiple challenges to help the farmers of his village implement Land Reforms Act in order for the farmers to escape from the feudal landlords Devaraya and Kaalegowda .
Robin McLaurin Williams July 21 , 1951 August 11 , 2014 was an American actor and comedian . Known for his improvisational skills and the wide variety of characters he created on the spur of the moment and portrayed on film , in dramas and comedies alike , he is regarded as one of the greatest comedians of all time . He received numerous accolades including an Academy Award , two Primetime Emmy Awards , six Golden Globe Awards , five Grammy Awards , and two Screen Actors Guild Awards . He was awarded the Cecil B . DeMille Award in 2005 . Williams began performing stand up comedy in San Francisco and Los Angeles during the mid 1970s , and released several comedy albums including Reality . . . What a Concept in 1980 . He rose to fame playing the alien Mork in the ABC sitcom Mork Mindy 1978 1982 . He received his first leading film role in Popeye 1980 . Williams went on to win the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Good Will Hunting 1997 . His other Oscar nominated roles were for Good Morning , Vietnam 1987 , Dead Poets Society 1989 ,
Ishikawa Prefecture 石川県 , Ishikawa ken is a prefecture of Japan located in the Chūbu region of Honshu island . Ishikawa Prefecture has a population of 1 , 133 , 294 1 October 2020 and has a geographic area of 4 , 186 km2 1 , 616 sq mi . Ishikawa Prefecture borders Toyama Prefecture to the east , Gifu Prefecture to the southeast , and Fukui Prefecture to the south . Kanazawa is the capital and largest city of Ishikawa Prefecture , with other major cities including Hakusan , Komatsu , and Kaga . Ishikawa is located on the Sea of Japan coast and features the most of the Noto Peninsula which forms Toyama Bay , one of the largest bays in Japan . Ishikawa Prefecture is part of the historic Hokuriku region and formerly an important populated center that contained some of the wealthiest han domains of the Japanese feudal era . Ishikawa Prefecture is home to Kanazawa Castle , Kenroku en one of the Three Great Gardens of Japan , Nyotaimori body sushi , and Kutani ware . History Ishikawa was formed in 1872 from the merger of Kaga Province and the smaller Noto Province . Geography
Travis Michael Kelce KEL see ; born October 5 , 1989 is an American football tight end for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League NFL . He was selected by the Chiefs in the third round of the 2013 NFL draft and later won Super Bowls LIV , LVII , and LVIII with the team . He played college football for the Cincinnati Bearcats . Considered one of the greatest tight ends of all time , Kelce is a nine time Pro Bowler and a seven time All Pro , with 4 first team and 3 second team selections . He holds the NFL records for most consecutive and most overall seasons with 1 , 000 receiving yards by a tight end seven . He holds the record for most receiving yards by a tight end in a single season with 1 , 416 in 2020 , despite playing in only 15 games . During the 2022 season , Kelce became the fifth NFL tight end to reach 10 , 000 career receiving yards and reached the milestone faster than any tight end in NFL history . Kelce was named to the NFL 2010s All Decade Team
Rosamund Mary Ellen Pike born 1979 is a British actress . Pike studied at Wadham College , Oxford and began her acting career by appearing in stage productions including Romeo and Juliet at the National Youth Theatre . She had her breakthrough for her film debut as Bond girl Miranda Frost in Die Another Day 2002 , and had supporting roles in the period dramas The Libertine 2004 , Pride Prejudice 2005 , An Education 2009 and Made in Dagenham 2010 . In the next decade , Pike had mainstream film appearances in Johnny English Reborn 2011 , The Big Year 2011 , Wrath of the Titans 2012 , Jack Reacher 2012 and The World s End 2013 . Her starring role in the psychological thriller Gone Girl 2014 earned her nominations for the BAFTA , Golden Globe and Academy Award for Best Actress . Pike then portrayed Ruth Williams Khama in the biopic A United Kingdom 2016 and Marie Colvin in the war film A Private War 2018 . Pike won a Primetime Emmy Award for her role in the comedy miniseries State of the Union 2019 and a Golden Globe for her leading performance in the black comedy
The dragon , also known as loong , simplified Chinese 龙 ; traditional Chinese 龍 ; pinyin lóng ; Jyutping lung4 ; Cantonese Yale lùhng is the fifth of the 12 year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac related to the Chinese calendar . The Year of the Dragon is associated with the Earthly Branch symbol 辰 pinyin chén . It has been proposed that the Earthly Branch character may have been associated with scorpions ; it may have symbolized the star Antares . In the Buddhist calendar used in Thailand , Cambodia , Laos , Myanmar , and Sri Lanka , the dragon is replaced by the nāga . In the Gurung zodiac , the dragon is replaced by the eagle . In the Old Turkic calendar it is replaced by a fish or crocodile . Early Persian translations of the medieval period change the dragon to a sea serpent , although in current times it is generally referred to as whale . During China s Cultural Revolution , there was an attempt to replace the dragon with the giant panda ; however , the movement was short lived . Years and the five elements People
The Holdovers is a 2023 American comedy drama film directed by Alexander Payne and written by David Hemingson . Set in the winter of 1970 71 , the film stars Paul Giamatti as a strict classics teacher at a New England boarding school who is forced to chaperone a handful of students with nowhere to go on the Christmas break . Da Vine Joy Randolph portrays the school cafeteria manager , and Dominic Sessa portrays one of the students who stays on campus . The Holdovers premiered at the 50th Telluride Film Festival on August 31 , 2023 , and was released in the United States by Focus Features on October 27 , 2023 . It received highly positive reviews and has grossed 43 million worldwide . The film was named one of the top 10 films of 2023 by the National Board of Review and the American Film Institute , and has received many other accolades , including two wins at the Golden Globe Awards and the British Academy Film Awards ; Randolph won the Best Supporting Actress award at both ceremonies . The Holdovers also received five nominations at the 96th Academy Awards , including Best Picture and
Dua Lipa DOO ə LEE pə , Albanian ˈdua ˈlipa ; born 22 August 1995 is an English and Albanian singer and songwriter . Her voice and disco influenced production have received critical acclaim and media coverage . She has won numerous accolades throughout her career including seven Brit Awards and three Grammy Awards . Lipa worked as a model before signing a recording contract with Warner Bros . in 2014 . She rose to prominence with her eponymous debut album in 2017 , which peaked at number three on the UK Albums Chart and spawned the successful singles Be the One , IDGAF , and the UK number one single New Rules . Lipa was honoured with the Brit Awards for British Female Solo Artist and British Breakthrough Act . Her second chart topping single , One Kiss with Calvin Harris , was the best selling song of 2018 and won the Brit Award for Song of the Year . In 2019 , Lipa won the Grammy Award for Best New Artist and for Best Dance Recording for Electricity , her collaborative single with Silk City . Lipa s second album , Future Nostalgia 2020 , became her first
Audra Ann McDonald born July 3 , 1970 is an American actress and singer . Primarily known for her work on the Broadway stage , she has won six Tony Awards , more performance wins than any other actor , and is the only person to win in all four acting categories . In addition to her six Tony Awards she has received numerous accolades including two Grammy Awards , and an Emmy Award . She was honored with the National Medal of Arts in 2016 from President Barack Obama , and was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 2017 . She has performed in musicals , operas , and dramas . She has received six Tony Awards for her roles in Carousel 1994 , Master Class 1996 , Ragtime 1998 , A Raisin in the Sun 2004 , Porgy and Bess 2012 , and Lady Day at Emerson s Bar and Grill 2014 . Her other Tony nominated roles were in Marie Christine 2000 , 110 in the Shade 2007 , Frankie and Johnny in the Clair de Lune 2020 , and Ohio State Murders 2023 . On television , she portrayed Dr . Naomi Bennett
Robert Cross born 21 September 1990 is an English professional darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation PDC events , where he is currently ranked No . 6 in the world . Nicknamed Voltage , he became the 2018 PDC World Darts Champion following his victory over Phil Taylor . Cross won the World Championship on his debut , having turned professional just 11 months prior to the event . BDO career 2015 In October 2015 , Cross attempted to qualify for the 2016 BDO World Darts Championship , where he was knocked out in the last 64 by Tony Martin . He also competed in the 2015 World Masters , losing to Darius Labanauskas in the last 48 . PDC career 2016 Cross competed in the 2016 UK Open as an amateur Rileys qualifier ; making it to the last 32 before falling to world number one Michael van Gerwen , who achieved a nine dart finish in the process . Following this , he competed in the PDC Challenge Tour , winning three of the 16 events and ultimately topping the Order of Merit , consequently earning a Tour Card for the 2017 PDC Pro Tour .
Silent Night is a 2023 American action thriller film directed by John Woo , and starring Joel Kinnaman , Scott Kid Cudi Mescudi , Harold Torres , and Catalina Sandino Moreno . The film , which features minimal spoken dialogue , follows an aggrieved father avenging the death of his son , who was killed by local gang members in a drive by shooting on Christmas Eve . Silent Night was Woo s first American film since the Paycheck in 2003 . Filming took place in Mexico City from April to May 2022 . It was released by Lionsgate in the United States on December 1 , 2023 and generally received mixed reviews from critics . Plot Brian Godlock is an electrician living a happy life in the fictional town of Las Palomas , Texas with his wife Saya and young son Taylor Michael . On Christmas Eve in 2021 , Brian and Taylor are using a new bicycle on their front lawn . They are caught in the crossfire of a drive by shooting in the middle of a gang war and Taylor is killed . Brian immediately tries to catch and kill the gangsters only for Playa ,
Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny is a 2023 American action adventure film directed by James Mangold , who co wrote it with David Koepp and the writing team of Jez and John Henry Butterworth . It is the fifth and final installment in the Indiana Jones film series and the sequel to Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull 2008 . It stars Harrison Ford , John Rhys Davies , and Karen Allen reprising their roles as Indiana Jones , Sallah , and Marion Ravenwood , respectively , while new cast members include Phoebe Waller Bridge , Antonio Banderas , Toby Jones , Boyd Holbrook , Ethann Isidore , and Mads Mikkelsen . Set in 1969 , the film follows Indy and his estranged goddaughter , Helena , who are trying to locate a powerful artifact before Jürgen Voller , a Nazi turned NASA scientist , who plans to use it to alter the outcome of World War II . Dial of Destiny is the only film in the series that is neither directed by Steven Spielberg nor conceived by George Lucas , with them both serving as executive producers instead . It is also the
Parking is a 2023 Indian Tamil language drama film written and directed by Ramkumar Balakrishnan in his directorial debut . The film is produced by Sudhan Sundaram and K . S . Sinish under Passion Studios and Soldiers Factory and stars Harish Kalyan , M . S . Bhaskar and Indhuja Ravichandran in the lead roles . The film follows Eshwar , a young IT employee , and his newly wed pregnant wife Aadhika s conflicts about parking after recently moving to a new house . Parking was theatrically released on 1 December 2023 to positive reviews from critics and became an commercial success . Plot Eshwar , an IT professional , and his pregnant wife , Aathika , rent the first floor of a house . Ilamparuthi , the Executive Officer EO of Kundrathur Town Panchayat , lives in the ground floor with his wife , Selvi , and daughter , Aparna . Ilamparuthi is an old fashioned and stingy man , out of touch with modern society and neglecting the desires of his wife and daughter , in contrast to Eshwar , who does everything for Aathika . Despite these differences , the two families initially get along
The Professional Women s Hockey League PWHL ; French Ligue professionnelle de hockey féminin , LPHF is a professional women s ice hockey league in North America , wholly owned and operated by the Mark Walter Group . It consists of six franchises , three each from Canada and the United States , who play a regular season of matches to earn one of four places in a postseason tournament that determines the champion . Differences between the PWHL and other professional hockey leagues , include a 3 2 1 0 points system , terminations of penalties following a short handed goal , best of five shootouts , and greater restrictions on body checking . The league s matches are broadcast nationally in Canada by the CBC and TSN , their French language affiliates Radio Canada and RDS , and Sportsnet . In the United States , it is broadcast in syndication , while worldwide it is streamed on YouTube . The collapse of the Canadian Women s Hockey League in 2019 led to the establishment of the Professional Women s Hockey Players Association PWHPA , a non profit organization that advocated for greater professionalism in women s ice hockey
Janelle Monáe Robinson jə NEL moh NAY ; born December 1 , 1985 is an American singer , songwriter , rapper and actress . She has received ten Grammy Award nominations , and is the recipient of a Screen Actors Guild Award and a Children s and Family Emmy Award . Monáe has also been honored with the ASCAP Vanguard Award , as well as the Rising Star Award 2015 and the Trailblazer of the Year Award 2018 from Billboard Women in Music . Monáe began her musical career in 2003 with the release of her demo album , The Audition . She signed with Puff Daddy s Bad Boy Records to release her debut extended play EP , Metropolis Suite I The Chase 2007 . It received critical acclaim and narrowly entered the Billboard 200 ; she followed up with her debut studio album and the EP s sequel , The ArchAndroid 2010 , a concept album and her first release through Atlantic Records . The following year , she guest performed on fun . s 2011 single We Are Young , which received diamond certification by the Recording Industry Association of America RIAA and peaked the Billboard Hot
Julia Fiona Roberts born October 28 , 1967 is an American actress . Known for her leading roles in films encompassing a variety of genres , she has received multiple accolades , including an Academy Award , a British Academy Film Award , and three Golden Globe Awards . The films in which she has starred have collectively grossed over 3 . 9 billion globally , making her one of Hollywood s most bankable stars . After an early breakthrough with appearances in Mystic Pizza 1988 and Steel Magnolias 1989 , Roberts established herself as a leading actress when she headlined the top grossing romantic comedy Pretty Woman 1990 . She starred in numerous commercially successful films throughout the 1990s , including the romantic comedies My Best Friend s Wedding 1997 , Notting Hill 1999 and Runaway Bride 1999 . She won the Academy Award for Best Actress for playing the title role in the biographical drama Erin Brockovich 2000 . Roberts achieved further film success in the following decades with Ocean s Eleven 2001 , Ocean s Twelve 2004 , Charlie Wilson s War 2007 , Valentine s Day 2010 , Eat Pray Love 2010 , August Osage County
Bailey Lynn Zimmerman born January 27 , 2000 is an American singer . In 2022 , he charted the singles Fall in Love and Rock and a Hard Place , which both reached number one on the Billboard Country Airplay chart . His debut album Religiously . The Album . was released on May 12 , 2023 . Early life Zimmerman was born in Louisville , Illinois . Prior to making music , he worked in the meat packing industry and for a union gas pipeline . He graduated from North Clay High School on May 12 , 2018 . Career Early career 2020 2021 In December 2020 , Zimmerman began posting original music to his TikTok account . On February 3 , 2021 , he released his debut single Never Comin Home , which later entered the top 20 on Spotify s Viral Chart in the United States . The co manager at 10th Street Entertainment Scott Frazier came across Zimmerman on TikTok and subsequently introduced him to Core Entertainment principals Kevin Zaruk and Simon Tikhman . He later signed to Core Entertainment in August 2021 . The same month , he performed his first show at Rock The
Thomas Rhett Akins Jr . born March 30 , 1990 is an American country singer songwriter . He is the oldest son of singer Rhett Akins . Rhett has released six studio albums for Big Machine Records Valory Music imprint It Goes Like This 2013 , Tangled Up 2015 , Life Changes 2017 , Center Point Road 2019 , Country Again Side A 2021 and Where We Started 2022 . He has received four Grammy Award nominations with two albums being nominated for Best Country Album in 2017 and 2019 . His six albums have produced 21 singles on the Billboard Hot Country and Country Airplay charts , with 17 reaching the No . 1 position on the latter It Goes Like This , Get Me Some of That , Make Me Wanna , Crash and Burn , Die a Happy Man , T Shirt , Star of the Show , Craving You , Unforgettable , Marry Me , Life Changes , Sixteen , Remember You Young , Look What God Gave Her , Beer Can t Fix , What s Your Country Song , and Country Again . In addition to much of his own material , Rhett has
Thomas Cruise Mapother IV born July 3 , 1962 is an American actor and producer . Regarded as a Hollywood icon , he has received various accolades , including an Honorary Palme d Or and three Golden Globe Awards , in addition to nominations for four Academy Awards . His films have grossed over 4 billion in North America and over 11 . 5 billion worldwide , making him one of the highest grossing box office stars of all time . He is consistently one of the world s highest paid actors . Cruise began acting in the early 1980s and made his breakthrough with leading roles in the comedy film Risky Business 1983 and the action film Top Gun 1986 . Critical acclaim came with his roles in the dramas The Color of Money 1986 , Rain Man 1988 , and Born on the Fourth of July 1989 . For his portrayal of Ron Kovic in the latter , he won a Golden Globe Award and received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor . As a leading Hollywood star in the 1990s , he starred in commercially successful films , including the drama A Few Good
The Tourist is a drama thriller television series . It stars Jamie Dornan as the victim of a car crash who wakes up in a hospital in Australia with amnesia . The series premiered on 1 January 2022 on BBC One in the UK , the next day on Stan in Australia , and on 3 March on HBO Max in the US . It is distributed internationally by All3Media . In March 2022 , the series was renewed for a second series , with filming having started in April 2023 . Set in Ireland , the second series premiered on 1 January 2024 on BBC One in the UK and on Stan in Australia . In the US , the series moved to Netflix after being dropped by Max and premiered on 29 February 2024 . Plot Series 1 An Irishman wakes up with amnesia in an Australian hospital . Seeking answers , he encounters a local woman who remembers him and volunteers to help him rediscover his identity . What few clues he can find hint that he has a dark past from which he must escape before it catches up with him . Cast Jamie Dornan as
The Creator is a 2023 American science fiction action film directed and co produced by Gareth Edwards , who wrote the story and co wrote the screenplay with Chris Weitz . It stars John David Washington , Gemma Chan , Ken Watanabe , Sturgill Simpson , and Allison Janney . Set in 2070 , 15 years after artificial intelligence AI set off a nuclear detonation in Los Angeles , which started a war of humans against AI , a former special forces agent is recruited to hunt down and kill the Creator , who has developed a mysterious weapon with the power to end the war . Development began in November 2019 when Edwards signed on to direct and write the project for New Regency and was officially announced in February 2020 . Washington was hired in May 2021 , and the rest of the cast joined over the next year . Filming began in January 2022 in Thailand with an 80 million production budget , and wrapped that May . The Creator was released in North America on September 29 , 2023 by 20th Century Studios . The film grossed 104 million on a budget of 80 million ,
Joseph Robinette Biden Jr . , BY dən ; born November 20 , 1942 is an American politician who is the 46th and current president of the United States . A member of the Democratic Party , he previously served as the 47th vice president from 2009 to 2017 under President Barack Obama and represented Delaware in the United States Senate from 1973 to 2009 . Born in Scranton , Pennsylvania , Biden moved with his family to Delaware in 1953 . He graduated from the University of Delaware before earning his law degree from Syracuse University . He was elected to the New Castle County Council in 1970 and to the U . S . Senate in 1972 . As a senator , Biden drafted and led the effort to pass the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act and the Violence Against Women Act . He also oversaw six U . S . Supreme Court confirmation hearings , including the contentious hearings for Robert Bork and Clarence Thomas . Biden ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1988 and 2008 . In 2008 , Obama chose Biden as his running mate , and he was a close
May December is a 2023 American drama film directed by Todd Haynes from a screenplay by Samy Burch , based on a story by Burch and Alex Mechanik . Loosely inspired by the Mary Kay Letourneau scandal , it stars Natalie Portman as an actress who travels to meet and study the life of the controversial woman Julianne Moore she is set to play in a film a woman infamous for the 23 year long relationship with her husband Charles Melton which began when he was 13 years old . The film was announced in June 2021 , with Portman and Moore joining the cast . Filming took place in mid 2022 in Savannah , Georgia . It premiered at the 76th Cannes Film Festival on May 20 , 2023 , where Netflix acquired the North American distribution rights . May December was released in select theaters in the United States on November 17 , 2023 , before streaming on Netflix on December 1 , 2023 . It received critical acclaim and various accolades , including four nominations at the 81st Golden Globe Awards and a Best Original Screenplay nomination at the 96th Academy Awards , and was chosen by
Lene Grawford Nystrøm born 2 October 1973 is a Norwegian musician , singer songwriter and actress who is the female lead vocalist of the Danish Norwegian Eurodance group Aqua . Life and career 1973 1994 Early life Nystrøm was born in Tønsberg , Norway . When she was a teenager , she became interested in performing . She began modeling and also worked as a bartender . From 1990 to 1993 , she appeared on the Norwegian game show Casino , which aired on TVNorge . 1994 2001 Aqua and Aquarium In 1994 , Nystrøm was working as a singer on the Norwegian cruise ship MS Peter Wessel and was spotted by musician René Dif . He recruited her as lead singer for the music group Joyspeed , later renamed Aqua . The group consisted of vocalists Nystrøm , Dif along with Søren Rasted and Claus Norreen . In 2001 , the band split . 2002 2006 Solo career and Play With Me After the breakup of Aqua , Nystrøm continued as a soloist . In 2003 , she released her first album Play with Me . It marked a change in her musical style , from the bubblegum sound
Michael van Gerwen Dutch ˈmɑikəl vɑn ˈɣɛrʋə n ; born 25 April 1989 is a Dutch professional darts player . He is currently ranked No . 2 in the world , having been No . 1 from 2014 to 2021 . He is also a three time PDC World Champion , having won the title in 2014 , 2017 and 2019 . Van Gerwen is regarded as one of the greatest players of all time . Van Gerwen began playing darts at the age of 13 . He won the 2006 World Masters and threw a televised nine dart finish at the 2007 Masters of Darts , becoming the youngest player to do both , aged 17 . However , after this initial burst onto the darting scene , van Gerwen struggled for consistent form until his breakthrough year in 2012 . Improving from world number 38 at the start of 2012 to number four at the beginning of 2013 , he won his first major PDC title at the World Grand Prix and reached the final at the 2013 World Championship . In 2014 , at the age of 24 , van Gerwen became the youngest winner of the
Reneé Mary Jane Rapp born Reneé Jane Rapp ; January 10 , 2000 is an American singer and actress . She gained recognition for starring as Regina George in the Broadway musical Mean Girls 2019 2020 . She reprised the role in the 2024 film Mean Girls and also contributed to its soundtrack . Rapp has also starred in the Max comedy series The Sex Lives of College Girls 2021 present . Rapp released her debut EP Everything to Everyone in 2022 , which was followed by her full length studio album Snow Angel in 2023 . Early life and education Rapp was born on January 10 , 2000 . She attended Hopewell High School in Huntersville , North Carolina , a suburb of Charlotte , for two years , performing in the theater program and playing on the varsity women s golf team before transferring to Northwest School of the Arts . Corey Mitchell , Rapp s theater teacher , said Rapp has a special distinction . . . There is a difference when that vocal ability is coupled with sincere emotions that can move an audience and that literally can excite an audience . In 2018 , Rapp
Lionel Andrés Leo Messi Spanish pronunciation ljoˈnel anˈdɾes ˈmesi ; born 24 June 1987 is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for and captains both Major League Soccer club Inter Miami and the Argentina national team . Widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time , Messi has won a record eight Ballon d Or awards , a record six European Golden Shoes , and was named the world s best player for a record eight times by FIFA . Until leaving the club in 2021 , he had spent his entire professional career with Barcelona , where he won a club record 34 trophies , including ten La Liga titles , seven Copa del Rey titles , and the UEFA Champions League four times . With his country , he won the 2021 Copa América and the 2022 FIFA World Cup . A prolific goalscorer and creative playmaker , Messi holds the records for most goals in La Liga 474 , most hat tricks in La Liga 36 and the UEFA Champions League eight , and most assists in La Liga 192 and the Copa América 17 . He also has the most
Gloria Laura Vanderbilt February 20 , 1924 June 17 , 2019 was an American artist , author , actress , fashion designer , heiress , and socialite . During the 1930s , she was the subject of a high profile child custody trial in which her mother , Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt , and her paternal aunt , Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney , each sought custody of her and control over her trust fund . Called the trial of the century by the press , the court proceedings were the subject of wide and sensational press coverage due to the wealth and prominence of the involved parties , and the scandalous evidence presented to support Whitney s claim that Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt was an unfit parent . In the 1970s , Vanderbilt launched a line of fashions , perfumes , and household goods bearing her name . She was particularly noted as an early developer of designer blue jeans . Early life Vanderbilt was born on February 20 , 1924 , in Manhattan , New York City , the only child of railroad heir Reginald Claypoole Vanderbilt of the Vanderbilt family and his second wife , Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt . When Vanderbilt
Parker Yancey McCollum born June 15 , 1992 is an American Americana and country singer songwriter based in Texas . The owner of PYM Music , he released his first single and EP in 2013 ; his debut album The Limestone Kid was released on February 24 , 2015 . The Austin Chronicle gave the release 3 . 5 5 stars , writing that it s too early to declare The Limestone Kid debut of the year , but it s already one to beat , and comparing McCollum s music to Charlie Robison s . McCollum and his backing band announced a 2015 tour of Texas in support of the album , performing at events such as RedGorilla Music Fest . McCollum released the EP Probably Wrong Session One on July 7 , 2017 , and followed it with Probably Wrong Session Two on September 8 , 2017 . The full Probably Wrong album was released on November 10 , 2017 . His major label debut album Gold Chain Cowboy was released July 30 , 2021 . Early life Parker McCollum was born in 1992 and raised in Conroe , Texas near Houston . Early in his life he
Kane Allen Brown born October 21 , 1993 is an American country singer . First garnering a mass following on social media , he released his debut extended play EP Closer in June 2015 , and followed it up with the single , Used to Love You Sober in October of that year . After Brown signed with RCA Nashville in early 2016 , the song was included on his second EP and major label debut , Chapter 1 in March 2016 . He released his eponymous debut studio album later that year in December . The album spawned the single What Ifs featuring Lauren Alaina , and in October 2017 , Brown became the first artist to have simultaneous number ones on all five main Billboard country charts . Brown released his second album , Experiment , in November 2018 , which became his first number one album on the Billboard 200 . Early life Brown was raised in rural northwest Georgia and in the Chattanooga , Tennessee , area . He is multiracial , with a white mother , Tabatha Brown , and an African American father who is also part Cherokee . In 2018 , he told
The following is a list of notable deaths in December 2023 . Entries for each day are listed alphabetically by surname . A typical entry lists information in the following sequence Name , age , country of citizenship at birth , subsequent country of citizenship if applicable , reason for notability , cause of death if known , and reference . December 2023 1 Ezan Akélé , 85 , Ivorian politician . Tony Allen , 78 , English comedian and writer , co founder of Alternative Cabaret . Shlomo Avineri , 90 , Israeli political scientist . Burny Bos , 79 , Dutch film producer Miss Minoes , Mijn Franse tante Gazeuse , screenwriter and children s author , mesothelioma . Gérard Bramoullé , 78 , French economist and politician . Shaun Davis , 57 , British bodybuilder , Mr . Universe winner 1996 . death announced on this date Leena de Silva , 87 , Sri Lankan actress Ganga Addara , Kaliyugaya , Awaragira . Bruce Dickson , 92 , Canadian ice hockey player , Olympic champion 1952 . Carissa Etienne , 71 , Dominican physician , director of PAHO 2018 2023 . Kiki Fatmala , 56 , Indonesian
Wish is a 2023 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . It was directed by Chris Buck and Fawn Veerasunthorn in her feature directorial debut from a screenplay by Jennifer Lee and Allison Moore , based on a story conceived by Lee , Buck , Veerasunthorn , and Moore , and produced by Peter Del Vecho and Juan Pablo Reyes Lancaster Jones , with Lee and Don Hall serving as executive producers . The art style combines computer animation with the look of traditional animation . The film stars the voices of Ariana DeBose , Chris Pine , Alan Tudyk , Angelique Cabral , Victor Garber , Natasha Rothwell , Jennifer Kumiyama , Harvey Guillén , Evan Peters , Ramy Youssef , and Jon Rudnitsky . The story focuses on a 17 year old girl named Asha DeBose in the Kingdom of Rosas , who makes a passionate plea to the stars in a moment of need , leading her to meet a living , magic star which has fallen from the sky , and together they face up to the kingdom s evil ruler , Magnifico
Jordin Sparks born December 22 , 1989 is an American singer and actress . She rose to fame in 2007 after winning the sixth season of American Idol at age 17 , becoming the youngest winner in the series history . Her self titled debut studio album 2007 was met with critical and commercial success ; it peaked at number ten on the Billboard 200 , received platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America RIAA and sold over two million copies worldwide . The album was supported by the Billboard Hot 100 top ten singles Tattoo and No Air with Chris Brown the latter received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals and remains the third highest selling song by an American Idol contestant with three million digital copies sold in the United States . Sparks s second studio album , Battlefield 2009 saw further success and debuted at number seven on the Billboard 200 . Its lead single of the same name reached number ten on the Billboard Hot 100 and made Sparks the only American Idol contestant to have their first five singles peak within the top 20 of the chart . After a
Manfred Mann were an English rock band , formed in London and active between 1962 and 1969 . The group were named after their keyboardist Manfred Mann , who later led the successful 1970s group Manfred Mann s Earth Band . The band had two different lead vocalists , Paul Jones from 1962 to 1966 and Mike d Abo from 1966 to 1969 . Prominent in the Swinging London scene of the 1960s , the group regularly appeared in the UK Singles Chart . Three of their most successful singles , Do Wah Diddy Diddy , Pretty Flamingo , and Mighty Quinn , topped the UK charts . The band s 1964 hit 5 4 3 2 1 was the theme tune for the ITV pop music show Ready Steady Go ! . They were also the first southern England based group to top the US Billboard Hot 100 during the British Invasion . History Beginnings 1962 1963 The Mann Hugg Blues Brothers were formed in London by keyboard player Manfred Mann and drummer vibes piano player Mike Hugg , who formed a house band in Clacton on Sea that also featured Graham Bond . Bringing a shared love of
Mr Bates vs The Post Office is a four part British television drama series for ITV , written by Gwyneth Hughes , directed by James Strong and starring an ensemble cast led by Toby Jones . The series is a dramatisation of the British Post Office scandal , a miscarriage of justice in which hundreds of subpostmasters were wrongly prosecuted privately and publicly for theft , false accounting or fraud due to a faulty computer system called Horizon . It was broadcast on four consecutive days from 1 January 2024 . The series takes its name from the court case instigated by the former subpostmaster Alan Bates and others . Synopsis A faulty IT system called Horizon creates apparent cash shortfalls that cause Post Office Limited to pursue prosecutions for fraud , theft and false accounting against a number of subpostmasters across the UK . In 2009 , a group of these , led by Alan Bates forms the Justice for Subpostmasters Alliance . The prosecutions and convictions are later ruled a miscarriage of justice at the conclusion of the Bates v Post Office judicial case of 2019 . Cast Toby Jones as Alan Bates Monica Dolan as Jo Hamilton
Margot Elise Robbie MAR goh ROB ee ; born 2 July 1990 is an Australian actress and producer . Known for her work in both blockbuster and independent films , she has received various accolades , including nominations for three Academy Awards , six BAFTA Awards and four Golden Globe Awards . Time named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2017 , and Forbes named her one of the world s highest paid actresses in 2019 . Born and raised in Queensland , Robbie began her career in 2008 on the television series Neighbours , on which she was a regular until 2011 . After moving to the United States , she led the television series Pan Am 2011 2012 and had her breakthrough in 2013 with Martin Scorsese s comedy film The Wolf of Wall Street . She achieved wider recognition with starring roles as Jane Porter in The Legend of Tarzan 2016 and Harley Quinn in the DC Extended Universe films , beginning with Suicide Squad 2016 . Robbie received critical acclaim and a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of figure skater Tonya Harding in the
Artsakh ART sa h kh , officially the Republic of Artsakh or the Republic of Nagorno Karabakh nə GOR noh kər ə BAHK , was a breakaway state in the South Caucasus whose territory was internationally recognised as part of Azerbaijan . Between 1991 and 2023 , Artsakh controlled parts of the former Nagorno Karabakh Autonomous Oblast of the Azerbaijani Soviet Socialist Republic , including its capital Stepanakert . It had been an enclave within Azerbaijan from the 2020 Nagorno Karabakh war until the 2023 Azerbaijani offensive , when the Azerbaijani military took control over the remaining territory controlled by Artsakh . Its only overland access route to Armenia after the 2020 war was via the 5 km 3 . 1 mi wide Lachin corridor , which was placed under the supervision of Russian peacekeeping forces . The predominantly Armenian populated region of Nagorno Karabakh was claimed by both the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic and the First Republic of Armenia when both countries became independent in 1918 after the fall of the Russian Empire . A brief war over the region broke out in 1920 . The dispute was largely shelved after the Soviet Union established control over the area ,
Bridget Everett born April 21 , 1972 is an American comedian , actress , singer , writer , and cabaret performer . She began her career appearing and co writing alongside Michael Patrick King the Broadway musical comedy At Least It s Pink A Trashy Little Show 2007 , and the following year made her screen debut with a minor role in the romantic comedy film Sex and the City , also directed by King . She later performed on Inside Amy Schumer 2013 16 , the comedy film Trainwreck 2015 , and her own one hour Comedy Central special Bridget Everett Gynecological Wonder 2015 . Everett has described herself as an alt cabaret provocateur . In 2017 , Everett starred in the comedy film Fun Mom Dinner , the horror comedy film Little Evil , and the drama film Patti Cake , receiving positive reviews for the latter . In 2021 , she appeared in the comedy film , Breaking News in Yuba County . In 2022 , Everett began starring and executive producing the semi autobiographical HBO comedy drama series , Somebody Somewhere , for which she received Independent Spirit Award and TCA Award for Individual Achievement in
Prince Joachim of Denmark , Count of Monpezat , Danish pronunciation ˈjoːæˌkʰim ; Joachim Holger Waldemar Christian ; born 7 June 1969 is a member of the Danish royal family . The younger son of Queen Margrethe II , he is fifth in the line of succession to the Danish throne , following the four children of his elder brother King Frederik X . Early life Prince Joachim was born on 7 June 1969 at Rigshospitalet , part of the Copenhagen University Hospital in Copenhagen . He was christened Joachim Holger Waldemar Christian on 15 July 1969 in Aarhus Cathedral , the first member of the royal family to have been christened outside of Copenhagen . His godparents were his maternal aunt , Princess Benedikte of Denmark ; his paternal uncle , Jean Baptiste de Laborde de Monpezat ; his mother s first cousin , Princess Christina of Sweden ; and King Harald V then Crown Prince of Norway . Prince Joachim attended school as a private pupil from 1974 until 1976 at Amalienborg Palace and then from 1976 until 1982 at Krebs Skole in Copenhagen . In the period 1982 1983 the Prince studied as a boarder at École
The Northrop Grumman B 2 Spirit , also known as the Stealth Bomber , is an American heavy strategic bomber , featuring low observable stealth technology designed to penetrate dense anti aircraft defenses . A subsonic flying wing with a crew of two , the plane was designed by Northrop later Northrop Grumman and produced from 1987 to 2000 . The bomber can drop conventional and thermonuclear weapons , such as up to eighty 500 pound class 230 kg Mk 82 JDAM GPS guided bombs , or sixteen 2 , 400 pound 1 , 100 kg B83 nuclear bombs . The B 2 is the only acknowledged in service aircraft that can carry large air to surface standoff weapons in a stealth configuration . Development began under the Advanced Technology Bomber ATB project during the Carter administration , which cancelled the Mach 2 capable B 1A bomber in part because the ATB showed such promise . But development difficulties delayed progress and drove up costs . Ultimately , the program produced 21 B 2s at an average cost of 2 . 13 billion 3 . 88 billion in 2022 , including development , engineering , testing , production , and
Danielle Riley Keough KEE oh ; born May 29 , 1989 is an American actress . She made her feature film debut in a supporting part in the musical biopic The Runaways 2010 , portraying Marie Currie . Keough subsequently starred in the independent thriller The Good Doctor 2011 , before being cast in a minor role in Steven Soderbergh s comedy film Magic Mike 2012 . She had her first big budget release in the action feature Mad Max Fury Road 2015 . In 2016 , Keough had her breakthrough role as an escort in the first season of the anthology series The Girlfriend Experience , earning a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actress . Her performance as a wayward young woman in the drama American Honey 2016 earned her further acclaim , including an Independent Spirit Award nomination for Best Supporting Female . She went on to star in the horror film It Comes at Night 2017 , Soderbergh s heist film Logan Lucky 2017 , and had further horror film appearances in The House That Jack Built 2018 and The Lodge 2019 . Following a leading role in the comedy drama Zola 2020 , Keough starred
Migration is a 2023 American animated adventure comedy film produced by Universal Pictures and Illumination , and distributed by Universal . Illumination announced Migration in February 2022 , with Renner , Homsy , and White attached as director , co director , and writer , respectively . Renner , who had previously helmed traditionally animated films , was tasked with adapting his simple drawing style for a computer animated film . In hiring Renner , studio head and producer Meledandri sought to focus on a filmmaker s vision for the project in comparison with Illumination s recent films . John Powell composed the score , marking his second collaboration with Illumination following The Lorax 2012 . Migration premiered at the VIEW Conference in Turin , Italy , on October 19 , 2023 , and was theatrically released in the United States on December 22 . The film received generally positive reviews from critics and has grossed 286 million worldwide . Plot In Moosehead Pond , somewhere in a New England forest , anxious Mack Mallard prevents his kids , Dax and Gwen , from venturing into the outside world , much to the chagrin of his wife , Pam .
The Liberty Flames football program represents Liberty University , a private Christian university located in Lynchburg , Virginia , in college football . The Flames compete in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision FBS as a member of Conference USA . The program , which previously competed in the Football Championship Subdivision FCS , announced it would start a transition to the top level of NCAA football in July 2017 . The Flames became a provisional FBS member in 2018 , and became a full FBS member with bowl eligibility in 2019 . In 2020 , Liberty entered the rankings in the AP Poll at 25 for the first time in program history . In 2021 , Liberty University announced the Flames would become full members of Conference USA effective for the 2023 football season . History In 1971 , Jerry Falwell and Elmer L . Towns established a private Christian school in Lynchburg Baptist College . Falwell stated a plan to have our athletic program comparable to USC , to Notre Dame , to Alabama , to anybody in time , , with the football team beginning play in 1973 . They played in the National Association of
John Clayton Mayer MAY ər ; born October 16 , 1977 is an American singer , songwriter , and guitarist . He attended Berklee College of Music in Boston , but he left for Atlanta in 1997 with fellow guitarist Clay Cook , with whom he formed the short lived rock duo , Lo Fi Masters . After their split , Mayer continued to play at local clubs , refining his skills and gaining a minor following . He performed at the 2000 South by Southwest festival , and was subsequently signed by Aware Records , an imprint of Columbia Records through which he released his debut extended play EP , Inside Wants Out 1999 . His first two studio albums Room for Squares 2001 and Heavier Things 2003 were both met with critical and commercial success ; the former won a Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for its single Your Body Is a Wonderland , while the latter peaked atop the Billboard 200 . By 2005 , Mayer had moved away from the acoustic music that characterized his early records , and further delved into the blues and rock music of which originally influenced his artistry
Germany defeated Poland 2 1 in the tennis final to win the 2024 United Cup . Germany won the title after Alexander Zverev saved two match points in his singles tie against Hubert Hurkacz . All five of Germany s matches were decided by the final mixed doubles match , with Zverev playing singles and doubles in all the ties . The United States was the defending champions , but was eliminated in the group stage . This was the second edition of the United Cup , an international outdoor hard court Mixed sex team tennis competition held by the Association of Tennis Professionals ATP and the Women s Tennis Association WTA . Serving as the opener for the 2024 ATP Tour and the 2024 WTA Tour , it was held from 29 December 2023 to 7 January 2024 at two venues in the Australian cities of Perth and Sydney . It offered both ATP rankings and WTA rankings points to its players ; a player was able to win a maximum of 500 points . Knockout bracket Format Both cities hosted three groups of three countries in a round robin format . Each tie consisted of one men s
Slow Horses is a British spy thriller television series based on the Slough House series of novels by Mick Herron . The series premiered on Apple TV on 1 April 2022 . The second series , Dead Lions , premiered on 2 December 2022 . In June 2022 , the series was renewed for a third and fourth series . The third series premiered on 29 November 2023 . Showrunner Will Smith has stated that the fourth season should be released by the end of December 2024 . In January 2024 , it was renewed for a fifth series , which will be based on the fifth book in the series , London Rules . Premise Slough House is an administrative purgatory for MI5 service rejects who have bungled their job but have not been sacked . Those consigned there are known as slow horses . They are expected to endure dull , paper pushing tasks , along with occasional mental abuse from their miserable boss , Jackson Lamb , who expects them to quit out of boredom or frustration . Life in Slough House is defined by drudgery . Yet the Slow Horses somehow get involved investigating schemes endangering
BRICS is an intergovernmental organization comprising Brazil , Russia , India , China , South Africa , Egypt , Ethiopia , Iran , and the United Arab Emirates . Originally identified to highlight investment opportunities , the grouping evolved into a cohesive geopolitical bloc , with their governments meeting annually at formal summits and coordinating multilateral policies since 2009 . Bilateral relations among BRICS are conducted mainly on the basis of non interference , equality , and mutual benefit . The founding countries of Brazil , Russia , India , and China held the first summit in Yekaterinburg in 2009 , with South Africa joining the bloc a year later . Egypt , Ethiopia , Iran and the United Arab Emirates joined the organization on 1 January 2024 . Combined , the BRICS members encompass about 30 of the world s land surface and 45 of the global population . Brazil , Russia , India , and China are among the world s ten largest countries by population , area , and gross domestic product GDP nominal and by purchasing power parity . All five initial member states are members of the G20 , with a combined nominal GDP of
The Gregorian calendar is the calendar used in most parts of the world . It went into effect in October 1582 following the papal bull Inter gravissimas issued by Pope Gregory XIII , which introduced it as a modification of , and replacement for , the Julian calendar . The principal change was to space leap years differently so as to make the average calendar year 365 . 2425 days long , more closely approximating the 365 . 2422 day tropical or solar year that is determined by the Earth s revolution around the Sun . The rule for leap years is Every year that is exactly divisible by four is a leap year , except for years that are exactly divisible by 100 , but these centurial years are leap years if they are exactly divisible by 400 . For example , the years 1700 , 1800 , and 1900 are not leap years , but the year 2000 is . There were two reasons to establish the Gregorian calendar . First , the Julian calendar assumed incorrectly that the average solar year is exactly 365 . 25 days long , an overestimate of a little under one day
Chic stylized CHIC ; SHEEK , currently called Nile Rodgers Chic , is an American disco band that was formed in 1972 by guitarist Nile Rodgers and bassist Bernard Edwards . It recorded many commercially successful disco songs , including Dance , Dance , Dance Yowsah , Yowsah , Yowsah 1977 , Everybody Dance 1977 , Le Freak 1978 , I Want Your Love 1978 , Good Times 1979 , and My Forbidden Lover 1979 . The group regarded themselves as a rock band for the disco movement that made good on hippie peace , love and freedom . In 2017 , Chic was nominated for induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for the eleventh time . History 1970 1978 Origins and early singers Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards met in 1970 as session musicians working in the New York City area . They formed a rock band initially named The Boys , but soon changed it to The Big Apple Band , and played numerous gigs around New York City . Despite interest in their demos , they never garnered a record contract . Both joined the band New York City , which had a hit
Shuhada Sadaqat born Sinéad Marie Bernadette O Connor shin AYD ; 8 December 1966 26 July 2023 was an Irish singer , songwriter , and activist . Her debut studio album , The Lion and the Cobra , was released in 1987 and achieved international chart success . Her 1990 album , I Do Not Want What I Haven t Got , was her biggest commercial success , selling over seven million copies worldwide . Its lead single , Nothing Compares 2 U , was honoured as the top world single of the year at the Billboard Music Awards . O Connor achieved chart success with Am I Not Your Girl ? 1992 and Universal Mother 1994 , both certified gold in the UK , as well as Faith and Courage 2000 , certified gold in Australia . Throw Down Your Arms 2005 achieved gold status in Ireland . Her career encompassed songs for films , collaborations with numerous artists , and appearances at charity fundraising concerts . O Connor s memoir , Rememberings , was released in 2021 and became a bestseller . O Connor drew attention to issues such as child abuse , human rights , racism ,
Luke Humphries born 11 February 1995 is an English professional darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation PDC events , where he is the current World No . 1 and World Champion . Nicknamed Cool Hand Luke in reference to the 1967 film , he is also the reigning World Grand Prix champion , Grand Slam champion , and Players Championship Finals champion . He also won the 2019 PDC World Youth Championship . Early life Luke Humphries was born on 11 February 1995 in Newbury , Berkshire and grew up there . He later moved to Crewe , Cheshire . His father , a Leeds United FC fan , named him Luke as an acronym for Leeds United , Kings of Europe . Humphries himself also became a fan of the team . He previously worked as a roofer and retired in 2018 to pursue darts full time . Career Humphries won five PDC Development Tour titles in 2017 , finishing top of the Development Tour Order of Merit . As a result of this , he qualified for the 2018 PDC World Darts Championship where he lost to Jeff Smith , and received a PDC Tour Card
Freddie Mercury born Farrokh Bulsara ; 5 September 1946 24 November 1991 was a British singer and songwriter who achieved worldwide fame as the lead vocalist and pianist of the rock band Queen . Regarded as one of the greatest singers in the history of rock music , he was known for his flamboyant stage persona and four octave vocal range . Mercury defied the conventions of a rock frontman with his theatrical style , influencing the artistic direction of Queen . Born in 1946 in Zanzibar to Parsi Indian parents , Mercury attended English boarding schools in India from the age of eight and returned to Zanzibar after secondary school . In 1964 , his family fled the Zanzibar Revolution , moving to Middlesex , England . Having studied and written music for years , he formed Queen in 1970 with guitarist Brian May and drummer Roger Taylor . Mercury wrote numerous hits for Queen , including Killer Queen , Bohemian Rhapsody , Somebody to Love , We Are the Champions , Don t Stop Me Now and Crazy Little Thing Called Love . His charismatic stage performances often saw him interact with the audience , as displayed at
Harrison Ford born July 13 , 1942 is an American actor . Considered a leading man in films of several genres , he is regarded as an American cultural icon . His films have grossed more than 5 . 4 billion in North America and more than 9 . 3 billion worldwide . Ford is the recipient of various accolades , including the AFI Life Achievement Award , the Cecil B . DeMille Award , an Honorary César , and an Honorary Palme d Or , in addition to an Academy Award nomination . Ford made his film debut in an uncredited appearance in Dead Heat on a Merry Go Round 1966 and went on to play supporting roles in such films as Journey to Shiloh 1968 , Getting Straight 1970 , American Graffiti 1973 , and The Conversation 1974 . He gained worldwide fame for his starring role as Han Solo in the epic space opera film Star Wars 1977 , a role he reprised in four sequels over the next four decades . The multimedia franchise became a global cultural phenomenon . Ford is also known for his portrayal of the titular character in the popular media franchise
XVideos , stylized as XVIDEOS , is a pornographic video sharing and viewing website . Founded in Paris in 2007 , the website is now registered to the Czech company WGCZ Holding . As of October 2023 , it is the most visited pornographic website and the 9th most visited website in the world . WGCZ Holding also owns Bang Bros , DDF Network , Penthouse magazine , Private Media Group , and Erogames and has a controlling interest in the productions gathered under the Legal Porno brand . History XVideos was founded in Paris in 2007 by the French owner Stephane Michael Pacaud . XVideos serves as a pornographic media aggregator , a type of website which gives access to adult content in a similar manner as YouTube does for general content . Video clips from professional videos are mixed with amateur and other types of content . By 2012 , XVideos was the largest porn website in the world , with over 100 billion page views per month . Fabian Thylmann , the owner of MindGeek now Aylo , attempted to purchase XVideos in 2012 in order to create a monopoly of pornographic tube sites . The French
Paolo Macchiarini born 22 August 1958 is a Swiss born Italian thoracic surgeon and former regenerative medicine researcher who became known for research fraud and manipulative behavior . He was convicted of research related crimes in Italy and Sweden . Previously considered a pioneer for using both biological and synthetic scaffolds seeded with patients own stem cells as trachea transplants , Macchiarini was a visiting professor and director on a temporary contract at Sweden s Karolinska Institutet KI from 2010 . Macchiarini was convicted of unethically performing experimental surgeries , even on relatively healthy patients , resulting in fatalities for seven of the eight patients who received one of his synthetic trachea transplants . Articles in Vanity Fair and Aftonbladet further suggested he had falsified some academic credentials on résumés . Urban Lendahl , the secretary of the Nobel Committee for Physiology or Medicine , resigned in February 2016 , owing to his involvement in recruiting Macchiarini to KI . Shortly afterwards KI s vice chancellor , Anders Hamsten , who in 2015 had cleared Macchiarini of misconduct , resigned . KI terminated its clinical relationship with Macchiarini in 2013 but allowed him to continue as a researcher ; in
Ghislaine Noelle Marion Maxwell ghee LAYN , LEN ; born 25 December 1961 is a British former socialite and convicted sex offender . In 2021 , she was found guilty of child sex trafficking and other offences in connection with the deceased financier and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein . In June 2022 , she was sentenced in a New York court to twenty years imprisonment . Born in France and raised in Oxford , Maxwell is the daughter of British media proprietor Robert Maxwell and French born researcher of the Holocaust , Elisabeth Maxwell . In the 1980s she attended Balliol College , Oxford , and became a prominent member of London s social scene . Maxwell worked for her father until his death in 1991 ; she then moved to New York City , where she continued living as a socialite and had a relationship with Epstein . In 2012 , Maxwell founded a non profit group for the protection of oceans . Following sex trafficking allegations being brought by prosecutors against Epstein in July 2019 , the organisation announced cessation of operations the same month . Maxwell is a naturalised US citizen and retains both French and
WhatsApp officially WhatsApp Messenger is an instant messaging IM and voice over IP VoIP service owned by technology conglomerate Meta . It allows users to send text , voice messages and video messages , make voice and video calls , and share images , documents , user locations , and other content . WhatsApp s client application runs on mobile devices , and can be accessed from computers . The service requires a cellular mobile telephone number to sign up . In January 2018 , WhatsApp released a standalone business app called WhatsApp Business which can communicate with the standard WhatsApp client . The service was created by WhatsApp Inc . of Mountain View , California , which was acquired by Facebook in February 2014 for approximately US 19 . 3 billion . It became the world s most popular messaging application by 2015 , and had more than 2 billion users worldwide by February 2020 . By 2016 , it had become the primary means of Internet communication in regions including Latin America , the Indian subcontinent , and large parts of Europe and Africa . History 2009 2014 WhatsApp was founded in February 2009 by Brian Acton and
NewJeans Korean 뉴진스 ; RR Nyujinseu is a South Korean girl group formed by ADOR . The group is composed of five members Minji , Hanni , Danielle , Haerin , and Hyein . They are known for their girl next door image and 1990s and 2000s indebted pop and R B songs with influences of various dance and club styles . NewJeans debuted on July 22 , 2022 , with the single Attention , their first number one song on South Korea s Circle Digital Chart . It was followed shortly afterwards by two other singles , Hype Boy and Cookie , with the former becoming the longest running song on the Billboard Global 200 by a K pop female act . The singles were all featured on their eponymous debut extended play EP , released in August 2022 . In January 2023 , they released their first single album , OMG , to commercial success . It was accompanied by two singles , Ditto and OMG . Ditto gained widespread popularity , becoming the longest running number one song on the Circle Digital Chart and the group s first entry on both the Billboard Hot 100 and the
Tyla Laura Seethal born 30 January 2002 , known mononymously as Tyla , is a South African singer and songwriter . Born and raised in Johannesburg , she signed with Epic Records in 2021 after the domestic success of her 2019 debut single , Getting Late featuring Kooldrink . Tyla rose to international fame with the release of her 2023 single Water , which entered the top ten in sixteen countries including the United Kingdom and United States . Water was the first song by a South African soloist to enter the US Billboard Hot 100 in 55 years and was awarded the inaugural Grammy Award for Best African Music Performance in 2024 . Her self titled debut album was released on 22 March 2024 . Tyla has also earned nominations for a BRIT Award , a Soul Train Music Award , a MOBO Award , and two South African Music Awards . Early life Tyla Laura Seethal was born on 30 January 2002 in Johannesburg to parents Sharleen and Sherwin Seethal . Her family is Coloured , with Zulu , Irish , Indian , and Mauritian ancestry . She matriculated from Edenglen High School in 2019 and was the
Kerry Gene Adkisson February 3 , 1960 February 18 , 1993 , better known by his ring name Kerry Von Erich , was an American professional wrestler . He was part of the Von Erich family of professional wrestlers . He is best known for his time with his father s promotion World Class Championship Wrestling WCCW , where he spent eleven years of his career , and his time in World Wrestling Federation WWF , under the ring name the Texas Tornado . Adkisson held forty championships in various promotions during his career . Among other accolades , he was a one time NWA Worlds Heavyweight Champion , four time WCWA World Heavyweight Champion , making him an overall five time world champion and one time WWF Intercontinental Champion . Early life Kerry was the son of wrestler and wrestling promoter Fritz Von Erich . His brothers , David , Kevin , Mike , and Chris , were also wrestlers . Kerry was also a standout in high school track and field and possessed a record breaking discus throw . Later during his tenure in the WWE , his finishing move would be a spinning discus punch . He
India , officially the Republic of India ISO Bhārat Gaṇarājya , is a country in South Asia . It is the seventh largest country by area ; the most populous country as of June 2023 ; and from the time of its independence in 1947 , the world s most populous democracy . Bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the southwest , and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast , it shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the north ; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives ; its Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand , Myanmar , and Indonesia . Modern humans arrived on the Indian subcontinent from Africa no later than 55 , 000 years ago . Their long occupation , initially in varying forms of isolation as hunter gatherers , has made the region highly diverse , second only to Africa in human genetic diversity . Settled life emerged on the subcontinent in the western margins of the
Lewis Lichtenstein Strauss STRAWZ ; January 31 , 1896 January 21 , 1974 was an American government official , businessman , philanthropist and naval officer . He was one of the original members of the United States Atomic Energy Commission AEC in 1946 and he served as the commission s chair in the 1950s . Strauss was a major figure in the development of nuclear weapons after World War II , nuclear energy policy and nuclear power in the United States . Raised in Richmond , Virginia , Strauss became an assistant to Herbert Hoover as part of the Commission for Relief in Belgium during World War I and the American Relief Administration after that . Strauss then worked as an investment banker at Kuhn , Loeb Co . during the 1920s and 1930s , where he amassed considerable wealth . As a member of the executive committee of the American Jewish Committee and several other Jewish organizations in the 1930s , Strauss made several attempts to change U . S . policy in order to accept more refugees from Nazi Germany but was unsuccessful . He also came to know and fund some of the research of refugee nuclear
Eva Jacqueline Longoria Bastón née Longoria ; born March 15 , 1975 is an American actress , producer , director and business woman . After a number of guest roles on several television series , she was recognized for her portrayal of Isabella Braña on the CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless , on which she starred from 2001 to 2003 . She is most known for her role as Gabrielle Solis on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives , which ran from 2004 to 2012 , and for which she received a Golden Globe nomination and won two Screen Actors Guild Awards with the cast . Thanks to her acting works she has won three ALMA Awards , two People s Choice Awards a Teen Choice Awards ; Longoria has also appeared in The Sentinel 2006 , Over Her Dead Body 2008 , For Greater Glory 2012 , Frontera 2014 , Lowriders 2016 , and Overboard 2018 , later winning the Imagen Awards for Best Actress Film . In 2005 , Longoria founded UnbeliEVAble Entertainment , film and television production company acquired by Hyphenate Media Group , co founded by Longoria herself and Cris Abrego ,
Prince Henrik of Denmark Danish pronunciation ˈhenˀʁek ; born Henri Marie Jean André de Laborde de Monpezat ; 11 June 1934 13 February 2018 was the husband of Margrethe II of Denmark . He served as her royal consort from Margrethe s accession on 14 January 1972 until his death in 2018 . Henrik was born in the French commune of Talence near Bordeaux to an old French family , the Laborde de Monpezats . He spent his early years in Tonkin in French Indochina now part of Vietnam , where his family had lived for many years . The family spent the Second World War at the family home in Cahors , France . They returned to French Indochina after the war . However , they were forced to flee following the defeat of the French in the First Indochina War . After completing his education in France and Vietnam , Henrik served in the French Army during the Algerian War . Prior to his marriage to Margrethe , he worked in the diplomatic service . He married Margrethe at the Holmen Church on 10 June 1967 and became her prince consort when she succeeded her father , King
Michael Wilson Hardy born September 13 , 1990 , known professionally as HARDY , is an American country rock music singer and songwriter . He has written songs for Florida Georgia Line , Chris Lane , Blake Shelton , Dallas Smith , Thomas Rhett , and Morgan Wallen . He released his debut album A Rock for Big Loud Records , as well as the mixtape Hixtape , Vol . 1 . His singles Give Heaven Some Hell , One Beer and Wait in the Truck charted in the US and Canada and he was featured on the Dallas Smith song Some Things Never Change . His most recent album , The Mockingbird the Crow , topped the country music charts in early 2023 . Early life Michael Wilson Hardy was born to Mike and Sarah Hardy , in Philadelphia , Mississippi . Growing up , Hardy often listened to music with his father , whom he has cited as the source of some of his earliest and fondest memories . He attended Neshoba Central High School in Philadelphia , Mississippi . It was during that time that he wrote his first song to impress a girl . Hardy then
Old Dominion is a modern American country music band formed in Nashville . The band consists of Matthew Ramsey lead vocals , rhythm guitar , Trevor Rosen rhythm guitar , keyboards , Whit Sellers drums , Geoff Sprung bass guitar , and Brad Tursi lead guitar . Their music is contemporary country with rock instrumentation , and has pop overtones . The band has released five full length albums and three EPs . They released their self titled EP in 2014 , followed in the next year by their debut studio album , Meat and Candy on RCA Records Nashville , which includes the singles Break Up with Him , Snapback , and Song for Another Time . Their second album Happy Endings was released in 2017 , which includes the singles No Such Thing as a Broken Heart , Written in the Sand , and Hotel Key . The third album Old Dominion was released in 2019 , with the singles Make It Sweet and One Man Band both successful on the chart . The album also included Some People Do , which earned the group a Grammy Award nomination for Best Country Duo Group Performance . The band
A leap year also known as an intercalary year or bissextile year is a calendar year that contains an additional day or , in the case of a lunisolar calendar , a month compared to a common year . The 366th day or 13th month is added to keep the calendar year synchronised with the astronomical year or seasonal year . Since astronomical events and seasons do not repeat in a whole number of days , calendars having a constant number of days each year will unavoidably drift over time with respect to the event that the year is supposed to track , such as seasons . By inserting intercalating an additional day a leap day or month a leap month into some years , the drift between a civilization s dating system and the physical properties of the Solar System can be corrected . An astronomical year lasts slightly less than 3651 4 days . The historic Julian calendar has three common years of 365 days followed by a leap year of 366 days , by extending February to 29 days rather than the common 28 . The Gregorian calendar , the world s most widely used civil calendar
Trolls Band Together is a 2023 American animated jukebox musical comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Universal Pictures , based on the Good Luck Trolls dolls from Thomas Dam . It serves as the sequel to Trolls World Tour 2020 , and the third main installment in the Trolls franchise . The film was directed by Walt Dohrn and co directed by Tim Heitz in his feature directorial debut , from a screenplay written by Elizabeth Tippet . Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger , who wrote the screenplays for the previous installments , returned to serve as executive producers alongside Dannie Festa . Anna Kendrick , Justin Timberlake , Zooey Deschanel , Christopher Mintz Plasse , Icona Pop , Anderson . Paak , Ron Funches , Kenan Thompson , Kunal Nayyar and Dohrn reprise their voice roles from previous films , with newcomers Eric André , Kid Cudi , Daveed Diggs , Troye Sivan , Camila Cabello , Amy Schumer , Andrew Rannells , RuPaul and Zosia Mamet joining the ensemble voice cast . In the film , Branch Timberlake and Poppy Kendrick , who are officially a couple , attempt to rescue Floyd Sivan while reuniting
William , Prince of Wales , William Arthur Philip Louis ; born 21 June 1982 , is the heir apparent to the British throne . He is the elder son of King Charles III and Diana , Princess of Wales . William was born during the reign of his paternal grandmother , Queen Elizabeth II . He was educated at Wetherby School , Ludgrove School and Eton College . He earned a Master of Arts degree in geography at the University of St Andrews where he met his future wife , Catherine Middleton . They have three children George , Charlotte and Louis . After university , William trained at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst prior to serving with the Blues and Royals . In 2008 William graduated from the Royal Air Force College Cranwell , joining the RAF Search and Rescue Force in early 2009 . He served as a full time pilot with the East Anglian Air Ambulance for two years , starting in July 2015 . William performs official duties and engagements on behalf of the monarch . He holds patronage with over 30 charitable and military organisations , including the Tusk Trust , Centrepoint , The
Elon Reeve Musk ; EE lon ; born June 28 , 1971 is a businessman and investor . He is the founder , chairman , CEO , and CTO of SpaceX ; angel investor , CEO , product architect , and former chairman of Tesla , Inc . ; owner , executive chairman , and CTO of X Corp . ; founder of the Boring Company and xAI ; co founder of Neuralink and OpenAI ; and president of the Musk Foundation . He is one of the wealthiest people in the world , with an estimated net worth of US 190 billion as of March 2024 , according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index , and 195 billion according to Forbes , primarily from his ownership stakes in Tesla and SpaceX . A member of the wealthy South African Musk family , Elon was born in Pretoria and briefly attended the University of Pretoria before immigrating to Canada at age 18 , acquiring citizenship through his Canadian born mother . Two years later , he matriculated at Queen s University at Kingston in Canada . Musk later transferred to the University of Pennsylvania , and received bachelor s degrees in
Shannon Leto ; born March 9 , 1970 is an American musician best known as the drummer of rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars . He co founded the group in 1998 in Los Angeles , California , with his younger brother Jared . Their debut album , 30 Seconds to Mars 2002 , was released to positive reviews but only to limited success . The band achieved worldwide fame with the release of their second album A Beautiful Lie 2005 . Their following releases , This Is War 2009 and Love , Lust , Faith and Dreams 2013 , received further critical and commercial success . As of September 2014 , the band has sold over 15 million albums worldwide . Leto has worked on several side projects during his career , including a collaboration with Antoine Becks , a recording with the short lived supergroup The Wondergirls , and performing on occasional dates with Street Drum Corps . His creative contribution to music has received praise from musicians and critics . He is noted for his dynamic drumming style and his energetic live performances . Early life Shannon was born in Bossier City , Louisiana , to Constance
Napoleon is a 2023 epic historical drama film directed and co produced by Ridley Scott and written by David Scarpa . Based on the story of Napoleon Bonaparte and primarily depicting his rise to power as well as his relationship with his wife , Joséphine Bonaparte , it stars Joaquin Phoenix as Napoleon and Vanessa Kirby as Joséphine . In October 2020 , Scott announced Napoleon as his next project . Following delays and recastings due to the COVID 19 pandemic , filming began in February 2022 in England , lasting several months . In addition to writer David Scarpa , frequent Scott collaborators included cinematographer Dariusz Wolski and editor Claire Simpson . Napoleon premiered at Salle Pleyel in Paris on November 14 , 2023 , and was released in the United States and the United Kingdom on November 22 , 2023 , by Sony Pictures Releasing s Columbia Pictures , before streaming on Apple TV on March 1 , 2024 . The film has grossed 221 million worldwide and received mixed reviews from critics , with praise for the battle sequences and performances , though it was criticized for its historical inaccuracies . At the 96th Academy Awards ,
Brothers Osborne is an American country music duo consisting of brothers T . J . Osborne lead vocals , rhythm guitar and John Osborne lead guitar , background vocals . Born in Deale , Maryland , the duo signed a recording contract with EMI Records Nashville in 2012 and began releasing music the following year . Their 2015 song Stay a Little Longer became a top five hit on the Billboard Hot Country Songs and Country Airplay charts , and their success led to the release of their debut studio album titled Pawn Shop the same year . Since then , Brothers Osborne have released the albums Port Saint Joe 2018 , Skeletons 2020 , and Brothers Osborne 2023 . The duo have since had further hits with It Ain t My Fault 2017 , Shoot Me Straight 2018 , and All Night 2019 , and as featured artists on Dierks Bentley s Burning Man 2019 . Along with their own songwriting , their musical success is credited to producer Jay Joyce . Artists with whom they have worked include David Nail , Lee Ann Womack , and Lucie Silvas the latter of whom is John s wife . Their
Sydney Bernice Sweeney born September 12 , 1997 is an American actress . She is known for her roles in the HBO drama series Euphoria 2019 present and the first season of the anthology series The White Lotus 2021 , which earned her nominations for two Primetime Emmy Awards . Sweeney first gained attention in 2018 for appearing in the television series Everything Sucks ! and The Handmaid s Tale , and in the limited series Sharp Objects . In the following year , she was featured in Quentin Tarantino s film Once Upon a Time in Hollywood . In 2023 , she portrayed Reality Winner in the drama film Reality and starred in the romantic comedy Anyone but You . Early life Sydney Sweeney was born on September 12 , 1997 , in Spokane , Washington , to Lisa née Mudd and Steven Sweeney . Her mother is a former criminal defense lawyer , and her father is a hospitality professional . She has one brother . Sweeney was raised in northwestern Idaho in the state s Panhandle region along the Washington border , at a rural lakeside home that her family has inhabited for five generations . Sweeney
Mickey Mouse is an American cartoon character co created in 1928 by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks . The longtime icon and mascot of The Walt Disney Company , Mickey is an anthropomorphic mouse who typically wears red shorts , large yellow shoes , and white gloves . Inspired by such silent film personalities as Charlie Chaplin and Douglas Fairbanks , Mickey is traditionally characterized as a sympathetic underdog who gets by on pluck and ingenuity in the face of challenges bigger than himself . The character s depiction as a small mouse is personified through his diminutive stature and falsetto voice , the latter of which was originally provided by Disney . Mickey is one of the world s most recognizable and universally acclaimed fictional characters . Created as a replacement for a prior Disney character , Oswald the Lucky Rabbit , Mickey first appeared in the 1928 short Plane Crazy , which was not originally picked up for distribution ; his public debut was in the same year s Steamboat Willie . The character was originally to be named Mortimer Mouse , until Lillian Disney instead suggested Mickey during a train ride . The character went on to
Michelle Ingrid Williams born September 9 , 1980 is an American actress . Known primarily for starring in small scale independent films with dark or tragic themes , she has received various accolades , including two Golden Globe Awards and a Primetime Emmy Award , in addition to nominations for five Academy Awards and a Tony Award . Williams , daughter of politician and trader Larry R . Williams , began her career with television guest appearances and made her film debut in the family film Lassie in 1994 . She gained emancipation from her parents at age fifteen , and soon achieved recognition for her leading role as Jen Lindley in the teen drama television series Dawson s Creek 1998 2003 . This was followed by low profile films , before having her breakthrough with the drama film Brokeback Mountain 2005 , which earned Williams her first Academy Award nomination . Williams received critical acclaim for playing emotionally troubled women coping with loss or loneliness in the independent dramas Wendy and Lucy 2008 , Blue Valentine 2010 , and Manchester by the Sea 2016 . She won two Golden Globes for portraying Marilyn Monroe in the drama My Week
Cynthia Erivo ; born 8 January 1987 is an English actress and singer . She gained recognition for starring in the Broadway revival of The Color Purple from 2015 to 2017 , for which she won the 2016 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical and the Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album . Erivo ventured into films in 2018 , playing roles in the heist film Widows and the thriller Bad Times at the El Royale . For her portrayal of American abolitionist Harriet Tubman in the biopic Harriet 2019 , Erivo received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress ; she also wrote and performed the song Stand Up on its soundtrack , which garnered her a nomination in the Best Original Song category . On television , Erivo had her first role in the British series Chewing Gum 2015 . She went on to star in the crime drama miniseries The Outsider 2020 , and received a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress for her portrayal of American singer Aretha Franklin in National Geographic s anthology series Genius Aretha 2021 . Early life and education Erivo was born to
Sir David Frederick Attenborough ; born 8 May 1926 is a British broadcaster , biologist , natural historian and author . He is best known for writing and presenting , in conjunction with the BBC Natural History Unit , the nine natural history documentary series forming the Life collection , a comprehensive survey of animal and plant life on Earth . Attenborough was a senior manager at the BBC , having served as controller of BBC Two and director of programming for BBC Television in the 1960s and 1970s . First becoming prominent as host of Zoo Quest in 1954 , his filmography as writer , presenter and narrator has spanned eight decades ; it includes Natural World , Wildlife on One , the Planet Earth franchise , The Blue Planet and its sequel . He is the only person to have won BAFTA Awards in black and white , colour , high definition , 3D and 4K resolution . Over his life he has collected dozens of honorary degrees and awards , including three Emmy Awards for Outstanding Narration . While Attenborough s earlier work focused primarily on the wonders of the natural world , his later work has
Sofia Boutella Arabic صوفيا بوتلة ; born 3 April 1982 is an Algerian actress , dancer and model . Early life Sofia Boutella was born in the Bab El Oued district of Algiers , Algeria , to an architect mother and a jazz musician father , Safy Boutella . Her brother , Seif , works as a visual effects artist in the entertainment industry . Her surname means the men of the mountains . She was raised in a fairly secular household that cultivated artistic expression and creativity . Boutella described her childhood as a happy one , stating that she was blessed to be born into a family that allowed me to express myself , to be myself and let out all sorts of colours that were living in my imagination and in my heart . With her family s encouragement , Boutella started classical dance education when she was five years old . In 1992 , at the age of 10 , she left Algeria with her family in the midst of the Algerian Civil War and moved to France . Shortly thereafter , she started rhythmic gymnastics , joining the French national team at age 18 .
Carey Hannah Mulligan born 28 May 1985 is an English actress . She has received various accolades , including a British Academy Film Award , in addition to nominations for three Academy Awards , four Golden Globe Awards , and a Tony Award . Mulligan made her professional acting debut on stage in Kevin Elyot s play Forty Winks 2004 at the Royal Court Theatre . She made her film debut with a supporting role in Joe Wright s romantic drama Pride Prejudice 2005 , followed by diverse roles in television , including the drama series Bleak House 2005 , the television film Northanger Abbey 2007 , and a guest appearance in the Doctor Who episode Blink 2007 . She made her Broadway debut in the revival of Anton Chekhov s The Seagull 2008 . Mulligan s breakthrough role came as a 1960s schoolgirl in the coming of age film An Education 2009 , for which she won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role , and received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress . Mulligan continued gaining praise for her performances in Never Let Me Go 2010 , Drive 2011 , Shame 2011
Macaulay Macaulay Culkin Culkin born Macaulay Carson Culkin ; August 26 , 1980 1980 08 26 is an American actor and musician . He rose to prominence as a child actor starring as Kevin McCallister in the first two films of the Home Alone film series 1990 and 1992 . One of the most successful child actors of the 1990s , Culkin was placed 2nd on VH1 s 2005 list of the 100 Greatest Kid Stars . His awards include a MTV Movie Award from three nominations , a Young Artist Award , and a nomination for a Golden Globe Award . In 2023 , he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . Culkin also starred in the films My Girl 1991 , The Good Son 1993 , The Nutcracker 1993 , Getting Even with Dad 1994 , The Pagemaster 1994 , and Richie Rich 1994 . He took a break from acting in 1995 . He returned in 2003 with a guest appearance on the television show Will Grace and a role in the film Party Monster . He starred in the tenth season of the anthology series American Horror Story 2021 . In 2006 Culkin
Raindrop cake is a wagashi Japanese confectionery made of water and agar that resembles a large raindrop . It first became popular in Japan in 2014 and later gained international attention . History In Japan the dessert is known as mizu shingen mochi 水信玄餅 . The dish is an evolution of the Japanese dessert shingen mochi 信玄餅 . Shingen mochi was developed in the 1960s and inspired by the locally made abekawa mochi 安倍川餅 which is traditionally eaten during Obon festival in Yamanashi and Shizuoka prefectures . Shingen mochi , like abekawa mochi , is a rice cake mochi covered with kinako roasted soybean flour and brown sugar syrup . It is named after Takeda Shingen a famous daimyo who ruled over Yamanshi during the Sengoku era . He is said to have used mochi which consisted of rice flour and sugar as an emergency ration during the warring periods . Mizu shingen mochi Kinseiken came up with the idea of mizu shingen mochi . The company is located in Hakushu , Yamanashi which is known for its fresh mineral water . The area is one of the largest producers of mineral water in Japan . Mizu 水 means water
My Fair Lady is a 1964 American musical comedy drama film adapted from the 1956 Lerner and Loewe stage musical based on George Bernard Shaw s 1913 stage play Pygmalion . With a screenplay by Alan Jay Lerner and directed by George Cukor , the film depicts a poor Cockney flower seller named Eliza Doolittle who overhears a phonetics professor , Henry Higgins , as he casually wagers that he could teach her to speak English so well she could pass for a duchess in Edwardian London or better yet , from Eliza s viewpoint , secure employment in a flower shop . The film stars Audrey Hepburn as Eliza Doolittle replacing Julie Andrews from the stage musical and Rex Harrison as Henry Higgins reprising his role from the stage musical with Stanley Holloway , Gladys Cooper and Wilfrid Hyde White in supporting roles . A critical and commercial success , it became the second highest grossing film of 1964 and won eight Academy Awards , including Best Picture , Best Director and Best Actor . American Film Institute included the film as 91 in its 1998 AFI s 100 Years . . . 100 Movies , as 12 in
Vidhu Vinod Chopra born 5 September 1952 is an Indian film director , producer , screenwriter and editor . He is the recipient of several accolades , including four National Film Awards , ten Filmfare Awards and an Academy Award nomination . His well known films as director are the crime drama Parinda 1989 , the patriotic romantic drama 1942 A Love Story 1994 , the action drama Mission Kashmir 2000 and the biographical drama 12th Fail 2023 . He is also known for producing the Munna Bhai film series , 3 Idiots 2009 , PK 2014 , and Sanju 2018 under his banner Vinod Chopra Films . Early life Chopra was born and grew up in Srinagar , Jammu and Kashmir , India . His father was D . N . Chopra and veteran filmmaker Ramanand Sagar was his half brother . His parents were originally from Peshawar , British India . His mother was Shanti Devi Mahalakshmi , who left Kashmir , due to the Kashmir conflict in 1990 . He dedicated his film Shikara to his mother , which was based on the same . He studied film direction at the Film and Television Institute of India
The 2023 NFL season was the 104th season of the National Football League NFL . The regular season began on September 7 , 2023 , with defending Super Bowl LVII champion Kansas City losing to Detroit in the NFL Kickoff Game , and ended on January 7 , 2024 . The playoffs started on January 13 and concluded with Super Bowl LVIII , the league s championship game , at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise , Nevada , on February 11 . Kansas City defeated San Francisco to become the first team since the 2004 New England Patriots to repeat as Super Bowl champions . This was the first season since 1935 in which every team in a division in this case the AFC North finished with a winning record . Player movement The 2023 NFL league year and trading period began on March 15 . On March 13 , teams were allowed to exercise options for 2023 on players with option clauses in their contracts , submit qualifying offers to their pending restricted free agents , and submit a Minimum Salary Tender to retain exclusive negotiating rights to their players with expiring 2022 contracts and fewer than three accrued seasons
The Boy and the Heron Japanese 君たちはどう生きるか , Hepburn Kimitachi wa Dō Ikiru ka , lit . How Do You Live ? is a 2023 Japanese animated fantasy film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki . Produced by Studio Ghibli , the Japanese title references Genzaburō Yoshino s 1937 novel of the same name but is not an adaptation of it . The Japanese voice cast includes Soma Santoki , Masaki Suda , Ko Shibasaki , Aimyon , Yoshino Kimura , Takuya Kimura , Kaoru Kobayashi , and Shinobu Otake . Described as a big fantastical film , it follows a boy named Mahito Maki during the Pacific War who moves to the countryside after his mother s death , discovers an abandoned tower near his new home , and enters a fantastical world with a talking grey heron . Miyazaki announced his retirement in September 2013 but later reversed this decision after working on the short film Boro the Caterpillar 2018 . He began storyboarding for a new feature length project in July 2016 , and official production began in May 2017 . The film s title was announced in October 2017 , targeting a release around the 2020
Denmark Danish Danmark , pronounced ˈtænmɑk is a Nordic country in the south central portion of Northern Europe . It is the metropolitan part of and the most populous constituent of the Kingdom of Denmark , a constitutionally unitary state that includes the autonomous territories of the Faroe Islands and Greenland in the North Atlantic Ocean . Metropolitan Denmark is the southernmost of the Scandinavian countries , lying south west and south of Sweden , south of Norway , and north of Germany , with which it shares a short border , Denmark s only land border . As of 2013 , the Kingdom of Denmark , including the Faroe Islands and Greenland , had a total of 1 , 419 islands greater than 100 square metres 1 , 100 sq ft in area ; 443 of these have been named and 78 are inhabited . Spanning a total area of 42 , 943 km2 16 , 580 sq mi , metropolitan Denmark consists of the northern part of the Jutland peninsula and an archipelago of 406 islands . Of these , the most populated island is Zealand , on which the capital and largest city , Copenhagen , is
Harry Potter is a film series based on the eponymous novels by British author J . K . Rowling . The series is produced and distributed by Warner Bros . Pictures and consists of eight fantasy films , beginning with Harry Potter and the Philosopher s Stone 2001 and culminating with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 2011 . A spin off prequel series started with Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 2016 , marking the beginning of the Wizarding World shared media franchise . The series was mainly produced by David Heyman , and stars Daniel Radcliffe , Rupert Grint , and Emma Watson as the three leading characters Harry Potter , Ron Weasley , and Hermione Granger . Four directors worked on the series Chris Columbus , Alfonso Cuarón , Mike Newell , and David Yates . Michael Goldenberg wrote the screenplay for Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix 2007 , while the remaining films screenplays were written by Steve Kloves . Production took place over ten years , with the main story arc following Harry s quest to overcome his arch enemy Lord Voldemort . Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows ,
Mary Katherine Mary Kay Fualaau née Schmitz , formerly Letourneau ; January 30 , 1962 July 6 , 2020 , was an American sex offender and teacher who pleaded guilty in 1997 to two counts of felony second degree rape of a child . Letourneau was 34 , and the child , Vili Fualaau , was 12 years old when she initiated the sexual abuse . He was her sixth grade student at an elementary school in Burien , Washington . While awaiting sentencing , she gave birth to Fualaau s daughter . With the state seeking a seven and a half year prison sentence , she reached a plea agreement calling for six months in jail with three months suspended and no contact with Fualaau for life , among other terms . The case received national attention . Shortly after Letourneau had completed three months in jail , the police caught her in a car with Fualaau . A judge revoked her plea agreement and reinstated the prison sentence for the maximum allowed by law of seven and a half years . Eight months after returning to prison , she gave birth to Fualaau s second child , another
Ferrari is a 2023 American biographical sports drama film directed by Michael Mann and written by Troy Kennedy Martin . Based on the 1991 biography Enzo Ferrari The Man , the Cars , the Races , the Machine by motorsport journalist Brock Yates , the film follows the personal and professional struggles of Enzo Ferrari , the Italian founder of the car manufacturer Ferrari , during the summer of 1957 as Scuderia Ferrari prepares to compete in the 1957 Mille Miglia . Adam Driver portrays the titular subject , and Penélope Cruz , Shailene Woodley , Sarah Gadon , Gabriel Leone , Jack O Connell , and Patrick Dempsey co star . Ferrari was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 80th Venice International Film Festival , premiering on August 31 , 2023 . The film was originally set to premiere on the streaming service Showtime , but it was eventually released in the United States theatrically on December 25 , 2023 , by Neon . The film has grossed 43 million worldwide and received generally positive reviews from critics . It was named one of the top 10 films of 2023 by the National Board of Review
Heart is an American rock band formed in 1973 in Seattle , Washington . The band evolved from previous projects led by founding members Roger Fisher guitar and Steve Fossen bass guitar , including The Army 1967 1969 , Hocus Pocus 1969 1970 , and White Heart 1970 1973 . By 1975 , original members Fisher , Fossen , and Ann Wilson lead vocals and flute , along with Nancy Wilson rhythm guitar , vocals , Michael Derosier drums , and Howard Leese guitar , keyboards and backing vocals formed the lineup for the band s initial mid to late 1970s success period . These core members were included in the band s 2013 induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Heart rose to fame with music influenced by hard rock and heavy metal as well as folk music . The band underwent a major lineup change between the late 1970s and the early 1980s ; by 1982 Fisher , Fossen , and Derosier had all left and were replaced by Mark Andes bass and Denny Carmassi drums . Though the band s popularity fell off during the initial years with the new lineup , they staged
Michael Cartellone born June 7 , 1962 is an American musician and artist . He was a founding member of Damn Yankees and is the current drummer of Lynyrd Skynyrd since 1999 . Biography Michael Cartellone was born on June 7 , 1962 , in Cleveland , Ohio . Cartellone is the former drummer of Damn Yankees 1989 1996 , 1998 2001 and a former drummer for Accept 1996 . After Damn Yankees broke up , Cartellone worked as the touring drummer for Ted Nugent and later John Fogerty before settling in with Lynyrd Skynyrd . Cartellone has toured and recorded with a wide variety of artists including Adrian Belew , Jack Blades after the dissolution of Damn Yankees , Cher , John Fogerty , Peter Frampton , Brad Gillis , Wolf Hoffmann , Eddie Jobson , Freddie Mercury , Tommy Shaw before and after the formation of Damn Yankees , Shaw Blades , Joe Lynn Turner , and John Wetton . Cartellone is the drummer on former Faith No More singer Chuck Mosley s 2009 album , Will Rap Over Hard Rock for Food . He is also an accomplished painter and ardent Charlie Chaplin and Cleveland Indians fan
Brendan Gabriel Dolan born 2 August 1973 is a professional darts player from County Fermanagh , Northern Ireland , who plays in Professional Darts Corporation PDC events . He was the first player to hit a nine dart finish in a double to start event where a player must hit a double to begin play , which he achieved at the 2011 World Grand Prix , giving him the nickname The History Maker . He also reached the final of this tournament , where he lost to Phil Taylor . On the PDC Pro Tour , Dolan lost his first seven finals before winning his maiden ranking title in 2013 . He has since won seven other events on the PDC Pro Tour , most recently in 2022 . He is noted for his 180 celebration where he twirls his finger in a helicopter style motion . Darts career Early career After two early exits in the 2003 and 2004 UK Open , Dolan s first major run came in the 2004 World Grand Prix where he earned his place through the All Ireland qualifiers , winning one of four places . He defeated fellow qualifier Mark Wilton in the
Judy Garland born Frances Ethel Gumm ; June 10 , 1922 June 22 , 1969 was an American actress and singer . She attained international stardom and critical acclaim as an actress in both musical and dramatic roles ; as a recording artist ; and on the concert stage . Renowned for her versatility , she received a Golden Globe Award , a Special Tony Award and was one of twelve in history to receive an Academy Juvenile Award . Garland won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year for her 1961 live recording , Judy at Carnegie Hall ; she was the first woman to win that award . Throughout her career she recorded and introduced numerous songs including Over the Rainbow , which became her signature song , the Christmas classic Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas and Saint Patrick s Day anthem It s a Great Day for the Irish . Garland began performing as a child , with her two older sisters , in a vaudeville group The Gumm Sisters , and was signed to Metro Goldwyn Mayer as a teenager . She appeared in more than two dozen films for MGM , including The
The 2023 AFC Asian Cup was the 18th edition of the AFC Asian Cup , the quadrennial international football tournament organised by the Asian Football Confederation AFC . It involved 24 national teams after its expansion in 2019 , with the host Qatar the defending champions . On 17 October 2022 , the AFC announced that the tournament would be held in Qatar , replacing the original host China . Due to the high summer temperatures at Arabian Gulf and Qatar s participation in the 2023 CONCACAF Gold Cup , the tournament was postponed to 12 January 10 February 2024 , while retaining the original name for both existing sponsorship and logistical purposes . Hosts and defending champions Qatar successfully retained their title , defeating Jordan 3 1 in the final . Host selection China was acclaimed as the host country on 4 June 2019 , as sole finishing bidder , days just prior to the 69th FIFA Congress in Paris , France . The tournament was originally scheduled to be held from 16 June to 16 July 2023 . On 14 May 2022 , the AFC announced that China would not host the tournament due to the COVID 19
Aquaman is a 2018 American superhero film based on the DC character of the same name . Co produced and distributed by Warner Bros . Pictures , it is the sixth film in the DC Extended Universe DCEU . The film was directed by James Wan from a screenplay by David Leslie Johnson McGoldrick and Will Beall . It stars Jason Momoa as Arthur Curry Aquaman , who sets out to lead the underwater kingdom of Atlantis and stop his half brother , King Orm Patrick Wilson from uniting the seven underwater kingdoms to destroy the surface world . Amber Heard , Willem Dafoe , Patrick Wilson , Dolph Lundgren , Yahya Abdul Mateen II , and Nicole Kidman appear in supporting roles . Development began in 2004 but did not gain traction until Man of Steel was released in 2013 . In August 2014 , Beall and Kurt Johnstad were hired to write competing scripts . Wan signed on as director in April 2015 , and in July 2016 , the film moved forward with Beall s screenplay . The main cast was confirmed through 2016 and early 2017 . Principal photography began in Australia in May 2017 ,
Tracy Darrell Adkins born January 13 , 1962 is an American country music singer and actor . Adkins made his debut in 1996 with the album Dreamin Out Loud , released on Capitol Records Nashville . Since then , he has released ten more studio albums and two Greatest Hits compilations . In addition , Adkins has charted more than 20 singles on the Billboard country music charts , including the Number One hits This Ain t No Thinkin Thing , Ladies Love Country Boys , and You re Gonna Miss This , which peaked in 1997 , 2007 , and 2008 , respectively . I Left Something Turned on at Home went to No . 1 on Canada s country chart . At least six of his studio albums have received gold or platinum certification in the United States ; his highest selling to date is 2005 s Songs About Me , which has been certified 2 Multi Platinum for shipping two million copies . Adkins is widely known for his distinctive bass baritone singing and speaking voice . He has also made several appearances on television , including as a panelist on the game shows Hollywood Squares and
René Dif born 17 October 1967 is a Danish musician , singer songwriter , DJ and actor , best known as the male lead vocalist of the Danish Norwegian eurodance group Aqua . Biography 1967 1994 Early years and private life Dif was born in Copenhagen . His father was Algerian and his mother Danish . He has two younger brothers and a sister . He was never interested in school and was kicked out of it several times . As a result , Dif left school after ninth grade to work on a cruise ship . 1994 1995 Groove your soul While he was in Barbados , Dif heard a local DJ on the radio and decided to become a DJ . He went to Norway to pursue his dream of becoming a star . Dif met Lene Nystrøm on a cruise ship in 1994 . When he , Claus Norreen , and Søren Rasted were setting up a band , they needed a singer , and Lene was asked to join . The band , which was later known as Aqua , became an international success . While a DJ in Norway , Dif met DJ Alligator ,
Blake Nolan Corum born November 25 , 2000 is an American football running back . He was a two time All American at the University of Michigan . Corum is Michigan s all time leader in rushing touchdowns with 58 , including the single season record of 27 rushing touchdowns in 2023 , culminating in a national championship . Early life and high school Corum was born on November 25 , 2000 , in Marshall , Virginia . He later attended Saint Frances Academy in Baltimore , Maryland . As a senior , he rushed for 1 , 438 yards and 22 touchdowns and led his team to a No . 4 national ranking . He was also selected as the Gatorade Player of the Year in Maryland during the 2019 20 academic year and as The Baltimore Sun s Offensive Player of the Year . He was rated as the No . 12 running back in the 2020 recruiting class . College career 2020 season Corum enrolled at the University of Michigan in January 2020 . In his first semester at Michigan , Corum drew praise for both running a 4 . 4 40 yard dash and earning a
The Mummers Parade is held each New Year s Day in Philadelphia . Started in 1901 , it is the longest running continuous folk parade in the United States . Local clubs , usually called New Years Associations or New Years Brigades , compete in one of five categories Comics , Wench Brigades , Fancies , String Bands , and Fancy Brigades . They prepare elaborate costumes , performance routines , and movable scenery , which take months to complete . This is done in clubhouses many of which are on or near 2nd Street called Two Street by some local residents in the Pennsport neighborhood of the city s South Philadelphia section which also serve as social gathering places for members . Multiple Philadelphia television stations have aired the parade through its history ; beginning in 2023 , the latest of these is Wilmington , Delaware licensed WDPN TV , known as MeTV 2 , which also provides live stream coverage through the website of its sister station WFMZ TV in nearby Allentown , Pennsylvania . On at least several occasions , the parade has been nationally televised . In 1994 and again in 1995 , it was televised
Conor Anthony McGregor Irish Conchúr Antóin Mac Gréagóir ; born 14 July 1988 is an Irish professional mixed martial artist and professional boxer . He is a former Ultimate Fighting Championship UFC Featherweight and Lightweight Champion , becoming the first UFC fighter to hold UFC championships in two weight classes simultaneously . He is also a former Cage Warriors Featherweight and Lightweight Champion . Known for his counter striking skills , striking precision and knockout power , the majority of McGregor s victories in mixed martial arts have come by way of knockout or technical knockout via punches . His signature style off arena is to repeatedly engage in trash talk against his opponents , which has led to earning him the moniker The Notorious . Throughout his career , McGregor has become the subject of many controversies due to his behaviour . McGregor is the biggest pay per view PPV draw in mixed martial arts history , having headlined the five highest selling UFC PPV events . His bout with Khabib Nurmagomedov at UFC 229 drew 2 . 4 million PPV buys , the most ever for an MMA event . His debut professional boxing match , during which
Bowling for Soup is an American rock band formed in Wichita Falls , Texas , in 1994 . The band consists of Jaret Reddick lead vocals , guitar , Chris Burney guitar , backing vocals , Gary Wiseman drums , and Rob Felicetti bass guitar , backing vocals . The band is best known for its singles Girl All the Bad Guys Want , 1985 their version of the SR 71 song of the same name , Almost and High School Never Ends . The band is also known for performing the theme song for the Disney Channel TV show Phineas and Ferb . History Early years Bowling for Soup has its origins in Wichita Falls , Texas , where Jaret Reddick and other members of the band grew up . Reddick and original drummer Lance Morrill met in the fall of 1976 . Reddick began playing music in 1985 , at 13 years old . Reddick and guitarist Chris Burney knew each other in high school they met in 1986 and as students in the 1980s , they grew up on the commercially successful heavy metal music of bands such as Quiet Riot , RATT , and Mötley Crüe
Flipkart Private Limited is an Indian e commerce company , headquartered in Bangalore , and incorporated in Singapore as a private limited company . The company initially focused on online book sales before expanding into other product categories such as consumer electronics , fashion , home essentials , groceries , and lifestyle products . The service competes primarily with Amazon India and domestic rival Snapdeal . As of FY23 , Flipkart held a 48 market share in the Indian e commerce industry . Flipkart has a dominant position in the apparel segment , bolstered by its acquisition of Myntra , and was described as being neck and neck with Amazon in the sale of electronics and mobile phones . History 2007 2010 Start up phase Flipkart was founded in October 2007 in Bangalore by Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal , alumni of the IIT , Delhi and former Amazon employees . The company was started from a two bedroom apartment in Kormangala , Bengaluru . The initial investment was provided by their families , which was INR 2 Lakh from each family . The website was kicked off in October 2007 and the company was only limited to selling books
Monarch Legacy of Monsters is an American monster television series created by Chris Black and Matt Fraction and produced by Legendary Television . Based on Godzilla by Toho Co . , Ltd , it is the sixth installment and the second television series in the MonsterVerse franchise . Following the events of Godzilla 2014 , the ten episode series follows members of the Monarch organization as they encounter Godzilla and other monsters called Titans , across a half century . The series stars Anna Sawai , Kiersey Clemons , Ren Watabe , Mari Yamamoto , Anders Holm , Joe Tippett and Elisa Lasowski , alongside Wyatt Russell and Kurt Russell in the shared role of Lee Shaw . Monarch Legacy of Monsters premiered on Apple TV on November 17 , 2023 , to positive critical reviews . Premise In 2015 , one year after the re emergence of Godzilla , half siblings Cate and Kentaro Randa investigate their missing father Hiroshi s connection to Monarch , the covert organization monitoring giant monsters known as Titans . Two generations earlier , Bill Randa and Keiko Miura are scientists involved with the early development of Monarch . Former Army officer Lee Shaw
The Super Bowl is the annual American football game that determines the champion of the National Football League NFL . The game culminates a season that begins in the previous calendar year , and is the conclusion of the NFL playoffs . The winner receives the Vince Lombardi Trophy . The contest is held in an American city , chosen three to four years beforehand , usually at warm weather sites or domed stadiums . Since January 1971 , the winner of the American Football Conference AFC Championship Game has faced the winner of the National Football Conference NFC Championship Game in the culmination of the NFL playoffs . Before the 1970 merger between the American Football League AFL and the National Football League NFL , the two leagues met in four such contests . The first two were marketed as the AFL NFL World Championship Game , but were also casually referred to as the Super Bowl game during the television broadcast . Super Bowl III in January 1969 was the first such game that carried the Super Bowl moniker in official marketing ; the names Super Bowl I and Super Bowl II were retroactively applied to the first
Happy New Year is a song by Swedish group ABBA from their 1980 album Super Trouper , with lead vocals by Agnetha Fältskog . It originally had a very limited release as a single in December of that year . The song s working title was Daddy Don t Get Drunk on Christmas Day . The Spanish language version of the song , Felicidad , was released in 1980 in Spanish speaking territories . The single reportedly charted in the top 5 in Argentina and was included on the South American versions of the Super Trouper album . It was first released on CD as part of the 1994 Polydor US compilation Más ABBA Oro , and in 1999 on the expanded re release of ABBA Oro Grandes Éxitos . Release In 1999 , the English version of the song was re released for the new millennium , and charted at number 27 in Sweden , number 15 in the Netherlands and number 75 in Germany . In 2008 , it was released again in several countries , and charted at number 4 in Sweden , number 6 in Norway and number 25 in Denmark . It re entered the
Wordle is a web based word game created and developed by Welsh software engineer Josh Wardle . Players have six attempts to guess a five letter word , with feedback given for each guess in the form of colored tiles indicating when letters match or occupy the correct position . The mechanics are similar to the 1955 pen and paper game Jotto and the television game show franchise Lingo . Wordle has a single daily solution , with all players attempting to guess the same word . Wardle created the game to play with his partner , eventually making it public in October 2021 . The game gained popularity in December 2021 after Wardle added the ability for players to copy their daily results as emoji squares , which were widely shared on Twitter . Many clones and variations of the game were also created , as were versions in languages besides English . Wordle was purchased by The New York Times Company in January 2022 for an undisclosed seven figure sum and moved to the newspaper s Games section in February . Gameplay Every day , a five letter word is chosen which players aim to guess within six
Ruth Marianna Handler née Mosko ; November 4 , 1916 April 27 , 2002 was an American businesswoman and inventor . She is best known for inventing the Barbie doll in 1959 , and being co founder of toy manufacturer Mattel with her husband Elliot , as well as serving as the company s first president from 1945 to 1975 . The Handlers were forced to resign from Mattel in 1975 after the Securities and Exchange Commission investigated the company for falsifying financial documents . Handler was prominently characterized in the 2023 film Barbie . Early life Ruth Marianna Mosko was born on November 4 , 1916 in Denver , Colorado , to Polish Jewish immigrants Jacob Moskowicz , a blacksmith , and Ida Moskowicz , née Rubenstein . She was the youngest of ten children . When she was six months old , her parents sent her to live with her older sister Sarah . She stayed with Sarah until she was 19 and developed an enthusiasm for business by working at Sarah s drugstore soda fountain . In 1932 , Ruth fell in love with Izzy Handler , an art student . The summer of her sophomore year
Rohan Dennis born 28 May 1990 is an Australian former professional road racing cyclist . He won back to back UCI men s individual time trial world championships in 2018 and 2019 . On 31 December 2023 , he was arrested and charged with causing death by dangerous driving , driving without due care , and endangering life , after the vehicle that he was allegedly driving killed his wife Melissa Hoskins in Adelaide . Early life and education Dennis was born on 28 May 1990 in Adelaide , South Australia , where he grew up . Career Early career Dennis began his career by focusing on the track , and was part of the Australian team that took the silver medals in the team pursuit at the 2012 Summer Olympics . Garmin Sharp 2013 14 Dennis joined Garmin Sharp for the 2013 season , and made his debut at the Tour de France , pulling out of the race before Stage 9 . In 2014 , Dennis finished second overall behind Bradley Wiggins at the Tour of California , after placing second to Wiggins in the time trial . He also placed second in the Commonwealth Games time trial
Jennifer Shrader Lawrence born August 15 , 1990 is an American actress . She is known for starring in both action film franchises and independent dramas , and her films have grossed over 6 billion worldwide . The world s highest paid actress in 2015 and 2016 , she appeared in Time s 100 most influential people in the world list in 2013 and the Forbes Celebrity 100 list from 2013 to 2016 . Lawrence began her career as a teenager with guest roles on television . Her first major role was as a main cast member on the sitcom The Bill Engvall Show 2007 2009 . She made her film debut with a supporting role in the drama Garden Party 2008 , and had her breakthrough playing a poverty stricken teenager in the independent film Winter s Bone 2010 . Lawrence gained stardom portraying the mutant Mystique in the X Men film series 2011 2019 and Katniss Everdeen in The Hunger Games film series 2012 2015 . The latter made her the highest grossing action heroine . Lawrence collaborated with filmmaker David O . Russell on three films , which earned her various accolades . For portraying a troubled
Ryan Thomas Gosling GOSS ling ; born November 12 , 1980 is a Canadian actor who has appeared in numerous independent films and major studio features . His films have grossed of over 1 . 9 billion worldwide , and he has received various accolades , including a Golden Globe Award , and has been nominated for three Academy Awards and two BAFTAs . Gosling rose to prominence at age 13 on Disney Channel s The Mickey Mouse Club 1993 1995 , and went on to appear in other family entertainment programs , including Are You Afraid of the Dark ? 1995 and Goosebumps 1996 . His breakthrough film role was that of a Jewish neo Nazi in The Believer 2001 , and he gained stardom in the 2004 romantic drama The Notebook . Gosling starred in the critically acclaimed independent dramas Half Nelson 2006 , for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor ; Lars and the Real Girl 2007 , and Blue Valentine 2010 . He starred in three mainstream successes in 2011 the romantic comedy Crazy , Stupid , Love , the political drama The Ides of March , and the action thriller
Nicholas Clayton Mullens born March 21 , 1995 is an American football quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League NFL . He played college football for the Southern Miss Golden Eagles , where he surpassed Brett Favre s single season school records for passing yardage 4 , 476 and touchdown passes 38 . He was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent out of college , and has also played in the NFL for the Cleveland Browns . Early years Mullens was born to Suzanne and Mark Mullens on March 21 , 1995 , in Little Rock , Arkansas and grew up in Hoover , Alabama , a suburb of Birmingham . He is the grandson of Ernie Tabor , who pitched in the Philadelphia Phillies minor league system in the 1950s . His uncle , Scott Tabor , pitched for the Arkansas Razorbacks baseball team , and holds the school record for most career wins ; he also pitched professionally in the minor leagues . Mullens graduated from Spain Park High School in Hoover . Mullens played football for Spain Park , emerging as the team s starting quarterback . During his
David Andrew Warner born 27 October 1986 is an Australian T20I international cricketer and a former Test vice captain . A left handed opening batsman , Warner is the first Australian cricketer in 132 years to be selected for the national team in any format without experience in first class cricket . He plays for New South Wales and Sydney Thunder in domestic cricket . Warner was a prominent member of the victorious Australian squad of the 2015 Cricket World Cup , the 2021 T20 World Cup , where he was the Player of the Tournament , the 2021 2023 ICC World Test Championship , and the 2023 ICC Cricket World Cup . In January 2017 , he became the fourth player to win the Allan Border Medal more than once and to win the award in consecutive years . On 28 September 2017 , he played in his 100th One Day International ODI . In March 2018 , following a preliminary investigation into ball tampering by the Australian team in the third match of their Test series against South Africa , Warner was suspended and charged with bringing the game into disrepute . Following a board meeting later in
Patrick Lavon Mahomes II ; born September 17 , 1995 is an American football quarterback for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League NFL . Mahomes has led the Chiefs to six consecutive AFC Championship Game appearances and four Super Bowl appearances since becoming the team s starting quarterback in 2018 . He is one of five quarterbacks in NFL history to win three or more Super Bowls . Mahomes s career accolades through seven seasons in the NFL have earned him widespread praise from sports journalists , and he is considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks in NFL history . Mahomes played college football and baseball at Texas Tech University . Following his sophomore year , he quit baseball to focus solely on football . In his junior year , he led all NCAA Division I FBS players in multiple categories including passing yards 5 , 052 and total touchdowns 53 . He was selected 10th overall by the Kansas City Chiefs in the 2017 NFL draft . Mahomes spent his rookie season as the backup to Alex Smith . He was named the starter in 2018 after the Chiefs traded Smith to the Washington
Donald Newton Van Zant born June 11 , 1952 is an American rock singer , songwriter , and guitarist . He is best known for being a member of the band 38 Special , from its formation in 1974 until 2013 . He is the middle of three sons ; his older brother Ronnie was the original lead singer for Lynyrd Skynyrd who died in a 1977 plane crash in Mississippi , and his younger brother Johnny has been the lead singer for Lynyrd Skynyrd since 1987 . Donnie and Johnny Van Zant also had performed together as the group Van Zant . According to a posting in March 2013 on the 38 Special website , Donnie Van Zant has not been able to join the band s performances for the past six months . In accordance with his doctor s strict orders and due to health issues related to inner ear nerve damage , he will not be able to join 38 Special onstage in the foreseeable future . Donnie will continue to write and record with the band . However , it was announced later in 2013 that he had officially left 38 Special , and was retiring
Valery Kaufman Russian Валерия Кауфман ; born 30 May 1994 is a Russian model best known for walking in Victoria s Secret Fashion Show 2015 and Victoria s Secret Fashion Show 2016 . Career She was born in 1994 in Moscow . From an early age she was engaged in dancing . Later she toured the world extensively . In the early 2010s , she sent her photos to several model agencies in New York , and soon received an invitation to a casting call for a fashion show by Tom Ford , which she successfully passed . Her career as a model developed quickly . Following her appearance on the cover of the Russian edition of Vogue in March 2015 , she received invitations to fashion shows by Chanel , Dior and Valentino . At various times she has participated in the shows of Alberta Ferretti , Alexander Wang , Alexandre Vauthier , Balmain , Blumarine , Chanel , Christian Dior , Diane von Furstenberg , Dolce Gabbana , Elie Saab , Emilio Pucci , Fendi , Giambattista Valli , Giorgio Armani , Givenchy , Gucci , Louis Vuitton , Nina Ricci , Oscar de la Renta , Prada
Jalen Oluwaseun Isaiah Milroe born December 13 , 2002 is an American football quarterback for the Alabama Crimson Tide . High school career Milroe attended Tompkins High School in Katy , Texas . As a junior , he threw for 2 , 689 yards and 29 touchdowns adding an additional eight touchdowns rushing and 378 yards . In 2020 as a senior , he passed for 1 , 136 yards and 13 touchdowns . During his high school career , Milroe tallied 3 , 825 passing yards , 559 rushing yards , and 53 total touchdowns leading Tompkins to over 30 wins in three seasons . He originally committed to Texas before deciding to switch to the University of Alabama . College career During his freshman year at Alabama , Milroe was the backup to sophomore quarterback Bryce Young throughout the 2021 season . As a result Milroe was redshirted . During the season he appeared in four games completing three passes for 41 yards and a touchdown , while rushing for 57 yards on 15 carries . He began the 2022 season remaining the backup to Bryce Young . In Alabama s Spring Game , Milroe completed 11 passes
Naomi Osaka Japanese 大坂 なおみ , Hepburn Ōsaka Naomi , Japanese pronunciation oːsaka naomi , born October 16 , 1997 is a Japanese professional tennis player . She has been ranked world No . 1 in singles by the Women s Tennis Association WTA and is the first Asian player to hold the top ranking in singles . Osaka is a four time Grand Slam singles champion , with two Australian Open and two US Open titles . Her seven titles on the WTA Tour also include two at the Premier Mandatory level . At the 2018 US Open and the 2019 Australian Open , Osaka won her first two major titles in back to back tournaments . She was the first woman to win successive major singles titles since Serena Williams in 2015 , and the first to win her first two in successive majors since Jennifer Capriati in 2001 . Osaka was born in Japan to a Haitian American father and a Japanese mother . She has lived and trained in the United States since age three . She came to prominence at age 16 when she defeated former US Open champion Samantha Stosur in her WTA Tour
Throughout Wikipedia , the pronunciation of words is indicated using the International Phonetic Alphabet IPA . The following tables list the IPA symbols used for English words and pronunciations . Please note that several of these symbols are used in ways that are specific to Wikipedia , and differ from those used by dictionaries . If the IPA symbols are not displayed properly by your browser , see the links below . If you are adding a pronunciation using this key , such pronunciations should generally be formatted using the template IPAc en . The template provides tooltips for each symbol in the pronunciation . See the template page for instructions . If there is an IPA symbol you are looking for that you do not see here , see Help IPA , which is a more complete list . For a table listing all spellings of the sounds on this page , see English orthography Sound to spelling correspondences . For help converting spelling to pronunciation , see English orthography Spelling to sound correspondences . The words given as examples for two different symbols may sound the same to you . For example , you may pronounce cot and
Diana , Princess of Wales born Diana Frances Spencer ; 1 July 1961 31 August 1997 , was a member of the British royal family . She was the first wife of Charles III then Prince of Wales and mother of Princes William and Harry . Her activism and glamour made her an international icon , and earned her enduring popularity . Diana was born into British nobility , and grew up close to the royal family on their Sandringham estate . In 1981 , while working as a nursery teacher s assistant , she became engaged to Charles , the eldest son of Elizabeth II . Their wedding took place at St Paul s Cathedral in July 1981 and made her Princess of Wales , a role in which she was enthusiastically received by the public . The couple had two sons , William and Harry , who were then respectively second and third in the line of succession to the British throne . Diana s marriage to Charles suffered due to their incompatibility and extramarital affairs . They separated in 1992 , soon after the breakdown of their relationship became public knowledge . Their marital difficulties were widely
Freelance is a 2023 American action comedy film directed by Pierre Morel and written by Jacob Lentz in his feature writing debut . It stars John Cena , Alison Brie , Juan Pablo Raba , and Christian Slater . Plot Mason Pettits is a former U . S . Army Special Forces operator , who was injured and medically discharged after a failed mission to assassinate Juan Venegas , the dictator of the South American country of Paldonia . After being discharged , Pettits works as a lawyer , a job he despises . One day , Mason is approached by his former team member , Sebastian Earle , who offers him a highly paid private security job where he has to protect disgraced journalist Claire Wellington as she goes to Paldonia to interview Venegas . The mission upsets his wife Jenny , who doesn t want their daughter Casey to live without a father , should something happen . After arriving in Paldonia and meeting Venegas , they are ambushed by a militant group that tries to kill Venegas , destroying their vehicles in the process . Mason fights off the assailants and they escape into the jungle .
The fifth season of Fargo , an American anthology dark comedy crime drama television series created by Noah Hawley , premiered on November 21 , 2023 , on FX . It consists of 10 episodes . Originally , the season was scheduled to premiere in September 2023 , but was delayed due to the 2023 Hollywood labor disputes . As an anthology , each Fargo season possesses its own self contained narrative , following a disparate set of characters in various settings and eras , albeit in a shared universe . This is , however , the first season of the series to not have any remote connection to either a previous season or to the film . It is set in Minnesota and North Dakota in the fall of 2019 . It stars Juno Temple as Dorothy Dot Lyon , a seemingly typical Midwestern housewife living in Scandia , Minnesota , whose mysterious past comes back to haunt her after she lands in hot water with the authorities . Jon Hamm stars as North Dakota Sheriff Roy Tillman , who has been searching for Dot for a long time . Other cast members include Jennifer Jason Leigh as Dot
Richard Crispin Armitage ; born 22 August 1971 is an English actor and author . He received recognition in the UK with his first leading role as John Thornton in the British television programme North South 2004 . His role as dwarf king and leader Thorin Oakenshield in Peter Jackson s film trilogy adaptation of The Hobbit brought him international recognition . Other notable roles include John Proctor in Yaël Farber s stage production of Arthur Miller s The Crucible , Francis Dolarhyde in the American TV series Hannibal , Lucas North in the British TV drama Spooks , John Porter in the British TV drama Strike Back , Daniel Miller in the EPIX spy series Berlin Station and Guy of Gisborne in the British TV drama Robin Hood . He voiced Trevor Belmont in the Netflix adaptation of Castlevania . In 2020 , he played the lead role in the Netflix miniseries The Stranger . After graduating from the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art LAMDA , Armitage initially sought theatre work and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company RSC . He turned to film and television roles when he noticed that leading stage roles went
Mangalavaaram transl . Tuesday is a 2023 Indian Telugu language psychological mystery thriller film written and directed by Ajay Bhupathi . It was released on 17 November 2023 . It is produced by Swathi Reddy Gunupati , Suresh Varma M . , and Ajay Bhupathi , under Mudhra Media Works and A Creative Works . The music was composed by B . Ajaneesh Loknath . Plot Set in 1996 , four strange suicides occur in the rural town of Mahalakshmipuram , with someone writing confessions of illicit affairs between victims on random walls . Although everything appears to be fine in the village , there is a lot of conflict among the locals . The newly assigned SI Maaya begins investigating the suicides and realizes that they are murders . As the investigation progresses , she soon finds a link between the deaths and RMP Doctor Viswanatham , who is a kind hearted man . When she catches him red handed writing a confession on a wall , they both have a minor scuffle in which he manages to subdue and tie her up in his backyard . She manages to break free and confronts him about his relationship with
Barack Hussein Obama II , bə RAHK hoo SAYN oh BAH mə ; born August 4 , 1961 is an American politician who served as the 44th president of the United States from 2009 to 2017 . A member of the Democratic Party , he was the first African American president in U . S . history . Obama previously served as a U . S . senator representing Illinois from 2005 to 2008 , as an Illinois state senator from 1997 to 2004 , and as a civil rights lawyer and university lecturer . Obama was born in Honolulu , Hawaii . He graduated from Columbia University in 1983 with a B . A . in political science and later worked as a community organizer in Chicago . In 1988 , Obama enrolled in Harvard Law School , where he was the first black president of the Harvard Law Review . He became a civil rights attorney and an academic , teaching constitutional law at the University of Chicago Law School from 1992 to 2004 . He also went into elective politics . Obama represented the 13th district in the Illinois Senate from 1997 until 2004 , when he
Bigg Boss 7 was the seventh season of the Tamil version of the Indian reality television series Bigg Boss , launched on Star Vijay and digitally streamed on Disney Hotstar from 1 October 2023 . Kamal Haasan hosted the show for the seventh time . The house was once again located in EVP Film City , Chennai . Vim liquid and G Square plots were the new sponsors for this season . The Grand Finale of the show took place on 14 January 2024 , Archana Ravichandran made history by becoming the first ever wild card entrant to emerge as winner with the most votes in the mainstream TV franchise of Bigg Boss excluding the digital spin off known as Bigg Boss OTT 2 , Manichandra was the runner up . Production Eye logo The eye logo was officially released on 18 August 2023 . The logo of the season was shaped in an oval kind of manner with a full bronze gold iris and dark grey designs in the eye . House themes The house was once again located in EVP Film City , Chennai , for the eighth time , including the Bigg Boss Ultimate season 1 series
Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Jr . born August 3 , 1977 is an American former football quarterback who played in the National Football League NFL for 23 seasons . He spent his first 20 seasons with the New England Patriots and was a central contributor to the franchise s dynasty from 2001 to 2019 . In his final three seasons , he was a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers . Brady is widely regarded as the greatest quarterback of all time . After playing college football at the University of Michigan , Brady was selected 199th overall by the Patriots in the sixth round of the 2000 NFL draft , later earning him a reputation as the NFL s biggest draft steal . He became the starting quarterback during his second season , which saw the Patriots win their first Super Bowl title in Super Bowl XXXVI . As the team s primary starter for 18 seasons , Brady led the Patriots to 17 division titles including 11 consecutive from 2009 to 2019 , 13 AFC Championship Games including eight consecutive from 2011 to 2018 , nine Super Bowl appearances , and six Super Bowl titles , all NFL
Francis Albert Sinatra ; December 12 , 1915 May 14 , 1998 was an American singer and actor . Nicknamed the Chairman of the Board and later called Ol Blue Eyes , he is regarded as one of the most popular entertainers of the mid 20th century . Sinatra is among the world s best selling music artists with an estimated 150 million record sales . Born to Italian immigrants in Hoboken , New Jersey , Sinatra began his musical career in the swing era and was greatly influenced by the easy listening vocal style of Bing Crosby . He found success as a solo artist after signing with Columbia Records in 1943 , becoming the idol of the bobby soxers . In 1946 , Sinatra released his debut album , The Voice of Frank Sinatra . He then signed with Capitol Records and released several albums with arrangements by Nelson Riddle , notably In the Wee Small Hours 1955 and Songs for Swingin Lovers ! 1956 . In 1960 , Sinatra left Capitol Records to start his own record label , Reprise Records , releasing a string of successful albums . He collaborated with Count Basie on Sinatra Basie
On 6 and 9 August 1945 , the United States detonated two atomic bombs over the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki respectively . The bombings killed between 129 , 000 and 226 , 000 people , most of whom were civilians , and remain the only use of nuclear weapons in an armed conflict . Japan surrendered to the Allies on 15 August , six days after the bombing of Nagasaki and the Soviet Union s declaration of war against Japan and invasion of Japanese occupied Manchuria . The Japanese government signed the instrument of surrender on 2 September , effectively ending the war . In the final year of World War II , the Allies prepared for a costly invasion of the Japanese mainland . This undertaking was preceded by a conventional bombing and firebombing campaign that devastated 64 Japanese cities . The war in the European theatre concluded when Germany surrendered on 8 May 1945 , and the Allies turned their full attention to the Pacific War . By July 1945 , the Allies Manhattan Project had produced two types of atomic bombs Little Boy , an enriched uranium gun type fission weapon , and Fat Man
The Battle of Koregaon was fought on 1 January 1818 between the British East India Company and the Peshwa faction of the Maratha Confederacy , at Koregaon Bhima . A 28 , 000 strong force led by Peshwa Baji Rao II whilst on their way to attack the company held Pune , were unexpectedly met by an 800 strong Company force that was on its way to reinforce the British troops in Pune . The Peshwa dispatched around 2 , 000 soldiers to attack the force which sought entrenchment in Koregaon . Led by Captain Francis Staunton , the Company troops defended their position for nearly 12 hours , before the Peshwa s troops ultimately withdrew , fearing the imminent arrival of a larger British force . The battle was part of the Third Anglo Maratha war , a series of battles that culminated in the defeat of the Peshwa rule and subsequent rule of the British East India Company in nearly all of Western , Central and Southern India . There is a victory pillar obelisk in Koregaon commemorating the battle . Background By the 1800s , the Marathas were organized into a loose confederacy , with the major
James William Johnson born July 16 , 1943 is an American sports analyst and former football coach . Johnson served as a head football coach on the collegiate level from 1979 to 1988 and in the National Football League NFL for nine seasons . He is the first head football coach to win both a college football national championship and a Super Bowl , achieving the former with University of Miami and the latter with the Dallas Cowboys . Johnson held his first head football coaching position at Oklahoma State University from 1979 to 1983 . He became Miami s head football coach in 1984 and guided the team to victory in the 1988 Orange Bowl . Following the college championship , Johnson succeeded original Cowboys head coach Tom Landry in 1989 , a position that saw him help rebuild the team back to winning form . His tenure from 1989 to 1993 culminated with the Cowboys winning consecutive Super Bowl titles in Super Bowl XXVII and Super Bowl XXVIII . Johnson left Dallas after the second championship amid conflict with owner Jerry Jones . Following two years away from football , Johnson returned in 1996 to become the head
Felicia Montealegre Bernstein née Felicia María Cohn Montealegre ; February 6 , 1922 June 16 , 1978 was an American actress born in Costa Rica . Montealegre appeared in televised dramas and theatrical roles . She also performed with symphony orchestras in dramatic acting and narrating roles . Her collaborators included her husband Leonard Bernstein . Early life and education Felicia María Cohn Montealegre was born on February 6 , 1922 , in San José , Costa Rica . Her mother , Clemencia Cristina Montealegre Carazo , was Costa Rican ; her father , Roy Elwood Cohn , was a United States mining executive stationed in Costa Rica . Felicia had two sisters , Nancy Alessandri and Madeline Lecaros . Mariano Montealegre Bustamante , the first vice head of state of Costa Rica , was her great great grandfather . Felicia moved to Chile at age 1 and was educated at the French School of Nuns . She was raised Catholic and later converted to Judaism before marrying Leonard Bernstein . Her paternal grandfather was Jewish . Career Broadway and theatrical career In 1944 at age 21 , Montealegre established herself in New York , where she took piano lessons
Melissa Hoskins 24 February 1991 31 December 2023 was an Australian track and road racing cyclist . She topped the general classification in the 2012 Tour of Chongming Island . She was a member of the Australian track cycling team pursuit team that finished in fourth place at the 2012 Summer Olympics . Hoskins announced her retirement from professional cycling on 2 May 2017 . Hoskins died on 31 December 2023 after being struck by a vehicle allegedly driven by her husband , cyclist Rohan Dennis . Personal life Hoskins was born on 24 February 1991 in Kalamunda , a suburb of Perth , Western Australia . She attended Walliston Primary School before going to high school at Carmel Adventist College in Western Australia . She then went to Murdoch University , where she pursued a Bachelor of Sports Science . In February 2018 she married cyclist Rohan Dennis , and gave birth to a son at the end of that year . The family split their time between Girona , La Massana , and Adelaide . They subsequently had another child . Cycling career Track As a track cyclist , Hoskins specialised in endurance events . She started track
Bradley Charles Cooper born January 5 , 1975 is an American actor and filmmaker . He is the recipient of various accolades , including a British Academy Film Award and two Grammy Awards . In addition , he has been nominated for twelve Academy Awards , six Golden Globe Awards , and a Tony Award . Cooper appeared on the Forbes Celebrity 100 list three times and on Time s list of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2015 . His films have grossed 13 billion worldwide , and he has been placed in annual rankings of the world s highest paid actors four times . Cooper began his television and film career in 1999 , with a guest role in the television series Sex and the City . In 2000 , he enrolled in the Master of Fine Arts MFA program at the Actors Studio . Shortly after , he made his film debut in the comedy Wet Hot American Summer 2001 and gained some recognition as Will Tippin in the television series Alias 2001 2006 . After his role in the show was demoted , he began to have career doubts ; however he quickly
January 1 or 1 January is the first day of the year in the Gregorian Calendar ; 364 days remain until the end of the year 365 in leap years . This day is also known as New Year s Day since the day marks the beginning of the year . Events Pre 1600 153 BC For the first time , Roman consuls begin their year in office on January 1 . 45 BC The Julian calendar takes effect as the civil calendar of the Roman Empire , establishing January 1 as the new date of the new year . 42 BC The Roman Senate posthumously deifies Julius Caesar . 193 The Senate chooses Pertinax against his will to succeed Commodus as Roman emperor . 404 Saint Telemachus tries to stop a gladiatorial fight in a Roman amphitheatre , and is stoned to death by the crowd . This act impresses the Christian Emperor Honorius , who issues a historic ban on gladiatorial fights . 417 Emperor Honorius forces Galla Placidia into marriage to Constantius , his famous general magister militum probable . 947 Emperor Tai Zong of the Khitan led Liao Dynasty captures Daliang , ending the dynasty and
Heidi India Partakis née Range ; born 23 May 1983 is an English singer , best known as a former member of the girl group Sugababes . She was an original member of girl group Atomic Kitten , however she left the group before they released any material . In 2001 , Range replaced original member Siobhán Donaghy in the Sugababes , after which the group enjoyed higher commercial success and accumulated six UK number one singles as well as two number one studio albums over the course of a decade , before the line up at the time disbanded in 2011 . Since departing the group , Range has taken part in reality television series , Dancing on Ice 2012 and Celebrity MasterChef 2013 , as well as appearing in theatre shows , Happy Days 2014 and The War of the Worlds 2016 . Career 1997 1999 Atomic Kitten In 1997 , Range auditioned for a part in the group Scooch , but was rejected as she was too young . Instead , she joined Atomic Kitten , a girl group founded by OMD frontman Andy McCluskey , along with Liz McClarnon and Kerry Katona . She recorded several
The 2024 Day 1 marketed as Raw Day 1 was the second Day 1 professional wrestling event produced by WWE , and the first to air as a television special . It was held for wrestlers from the promotion s Raw brand division . The event took place on New Year s Day on January 1 , 2024 , at the Pechanga Arena in San Diego , California and aired live as a special episode of Monday Night Raw on the USA Network . The broadcast kicked off WWE s week long programming of New Year s themed shows called New Year s Knockout Week . Day 1 was previously held as a pay per view PPV and livestreaming event on January 1 , 2022 ; an event was planned for 2023 , but was canceled . Six matches were contested during the live broadcast . In the main event , Seth Freakin Rollins defeated Drew McIntyre to retain the World Heavyweight Championship . In another prominent match , Rhea Ripley defeated Ivy Nile to retain the Women s World Championship and in the opening bout , Nia Jax defeated Becky Lynch . The event also notably featured a surprise
Joaquin Rafael Phoenix ; né Bottom ; born October 28 , 1974 is an American actor . Known for playing dark , unconventional and eccentric characters in independent films , in particular period dramas , he has received various accolades , including an Academy Award , a British Academy Film Award , a Grammy Award , and two Golden Globe Awards . In 2020 , The New York Times named him one of the greatest actors of the 21st century . Phoenix began his career by appearing in television series in the early 1980s with his brother River . His first major film roles were in SpaceCamp 1986 and Parenthood 1989 . During this period , he was credited as Leaf Phoenix , a name he gave himself . He took back his birth name in the early 1990s and received critical acclaim for his supporting roles in the comedy drama To Die For 1995 and the period film Quills 2000 . Phoenix received further critical acclaim and a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of Commodus in the historical drama Gladiator 2000 . He had success with the horror films Signs 2002 and
Cody Daniel Johnson born May 21 , 1987 is an American country music singer songwriter . He has self released six albums , including Gotta Be Me , which debuted at number two on Billboard s Country Albums chart , before releasing his first major label album , Ain t Nothin to It , in January 2019 . He released his second major label album , Human The Double Album , in October 2021 . Johnson s style is classified as contemporary country and neo traditionalist country , drawing influences from artists like George Strait and Willie Nelson . His song Til You Can t won two awards at the Country Music Association Awards in 2022 . Early life Cody Daniel Johnson , also known as CoJo , was born in Sebastopol , Texas , and raised there by his parents , Sheila and Carl Johnson . He began playing music at the age of 12 . He learned from his father , who performed in their local church . Cody learned to sing and play several instruments there , and he also learned how to read and understand music . He started to play at school and bars ,
Joseph Jason Namakaeha Momoa ; born August 1 , 1979 is an American actor . He made his acting debut as Jason Ioane on the syndicated action drama series Baywatch Hawaii 1999 2001 , which was followed by portrayals of Ronon Dex on the Syfy science fiction series Stargate Atlantis 2005 2009 , and Khal Drogo in the first two seasons of the HBO fantasy drama series Game of Thrones 2011 2012 . He went on to play the lead roles in the Discovery Channel historical drama series Frontier 2016 2018 and the Apple TV science fiction series See 2019 2022 . From 2016 to 2023 , Momoa portrayed Aquaman in the DC Extended Universe DCEU , including the films Justice League 2017 , Aquaman 2018 , and Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom 2023 . Momoa has also played Duncan Idaho in the science fiction film Dune 2021 , and has starred in the action film Fast X 2023 . Early life An only child , Momoa was born on August 1 , 1979 , in Honolulu , Hawaii , to Coni Lemke , a photographer , and Joseph Momoa , a painter . His father is Native Hawaiian ,
What If . . . ? is an American animated anthology television series created by A . C . Bradley for the streaming service Disney based on the Marvel Comics series of the same name . It is the fourth television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe MCU produced by Marvel Studios , and the studio s first animated series from Marvel Studios Animation . The series explores alternate timelines in the multiverse that show what would happen if major moments from the MCU films occurred differently . Bradley serves as head writer for the first two seasons , with Matthew Chauncey for the third , and Bryan Andrews as the lead director . Jeffrey Wright stars as the Watcher , who narrates the series , alongside many MCU film actors reprising their roles . Marvel Studios was developing the series for Disney by the end of 2018 , with Bradley and Andrews on board . It was officially announced in April 2019 . Marvel Studios head of visual development Ryan Meinerding helped define the series cel shaded animation style , which was designed to reflect the films and take inspiration from classic American illustrators . Animation for the series
X , commonly referred to by its former name Twitter , is a social media website based in the United States . With over 500 million users , it is one of the world s largest social networks and the fifth most visited website in the world . Users can share text messages , images , and videos as posts , commonly still known as tweets . X also includes direct messaging , video and audio calling , bookmarks , lists and communities , and Spaces , a social audio feature . Users can vote on context added by approved users using the Community Notes feature . The service is owned by the American company X Corp . , the successor of Twitter , Inc . Twitter was created in March 2006 by Jack Dorsey , Noah Glass , Biz Stone , and Evan Williams , and launched in July of that year . Twitter grew quickly , and by 2012 , more than 100 million users produced 340 million tweets per day . Twitter , Inc . , was based in San Francisco , California , and had more than 25 offices around the world . A signature characteristic
Yellowstone is an American neo Western drama television series created by Taylor Sheridan and John Linson that premiered on June 20 , 2018 , on Paramount Network . The series stars Kevin Costner , Luke Grimes , Kelly Reilly , Wes Bentley , Cole Hauser , Kelsey Asbille , and Gil Birmingham . The series follows the conflicts along the shared borders of the Yellowstone Ranch , a large cattle ranch , the Broken Rock Indian reservation , Yellowstone National Park and land developers . The fifth season will be its last and is followed by a sequel series titled 2024 . The first part of the fifth and final season premiered on November 13 , 2022 , with the second part scheduled to premiere on November 10 , 2024 . In 2013 , Sheridan began work on the series , having recently grown tired of acting and switched to screenwriting . Having lived in the rural parts of states such as Texas and Wyoming , Sheridan set the series in Montana and set the first scripts in Livingston . Sheridan initially pitched the series to HBO , but the network declined . In May 2017 , Paramount Network announced
Albert Einstein EYEN styne ; German ˈalbɛɐt ˈʔaɪnʃtaɪn ; 14 March 1879 18 April 1955 was a German born theoretical physicist who is widely held to be one of the greatest and most influential scientists of all time . Best known for developing the theory of relativity , Einstein also made important contributions to quantum mechanics , and was thus a central figure in the revolutionary reshaping of the scientific understanding of nature that modern physics accomplished in the first decades of the twentieth century . His mass energy equivalence formula E mc2 , which arises from relativity theory , has been called the world s most famous equation . He received the 1921 Nobel Prize in Physics for his services to theoretical physics , and especially for his discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect , a pivotal step in the development of quantum theory . His work is also known for its influence on the philosophy of science . In a 1999 poll of 130 leading physicists worldwide by the British journal Physics World , Einstein was ranked the greatest physicist of all time . His intellectual achievements and originality have made the word Einstein broadly synonymous
Gran Turismo is a 2023 American biographical sports drama film directed by Neill Blomkamp from a screenplay by Jason Hall and Zach Baylin . Produced by Columbia Pictures , PlayStation Productions , and 2 . 0 Entertainment , it is based on the racing simulation video game series of the same name developed by Polyphony Digital . It tells the true story of British teenager Jann Mardenborough , a teenage Gran Turismo player who became a professional racing car driver . The film stars Archie Madekwe as Mardenborough alongside David Harbour , Orlando Bloom , Darren Barnet , Geri Halliwell Horner , and Djimon Hounsou . Development of a film based on Gran Turismo was revealed in July 2013 , with Michael De Luca and Dana Brunetti producing and a script by Alex Tse . Joseph Kosinski was set to direct the film in June 2015 from a new screenplay by Jon and Erich Hoeber . However , the Kosinski version was no longer moving forward as of February 2018 . In May 2022 , it was announced the film was again in development , with Blomkamp attached to direct it in June . The main cast were announced in
Princess Isabella of Denmark , Countess of Monpezat , Isabella Henrietta Ingrid Margrethe ; born 21 April 2007 is a member of the Danish royal family . She is the second child and elder daughter of King Frederik X and Queen Mary . She is the fourth grandchild and oldest granddaughter of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik . She was the first girl born into the Danish royal family since the birth of her great aunt , Queen Anne Marie of Greece , in 1946 . Isabella is second in the line of succession to the Danish throne , after her older brother , Crown Prince Christian . Biography Princess Isabella was born on 21 April 2007 at 4 02 pm CET at Rigshospitalet , the Copenhagen University Hospital , in Copenhagen , to Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary . The following day , public buses and official buildings flew the Danish flag , the Dannebrog , and at noon a 21 gun salute was fired from the Sixtus Battery at Holmen Naval Base in Copenhagen and from Kronborg Castle in North Zealand to mark her birth . Incidentally , Isabella was the first princess whose birth
Joseph Vincent Flacco born January 16 , 1985 is an American football quarterback for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League NFL . He played college football at Delaware after transferring from Pittsburgh and was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the first round of the 2008 NFL draft . Flacco has also played for the Denver Broncos , New York Jets , and Cleveland Browns . Flacco was Baltimore s starting quarterback from 2008 until midway through the 2018 season and helped lead the Ravens to the playoffs six times ; during his tenure in Baltimore , the Ravens won the AFC North twice , appeared in three AFC Championship Games , and beat the San Francisco 49ers to win Super Bowl XLVII following the 2012 season . Flacco was named Super Bowl XLVII s MVP , concluding a postseason run in which he tied Joe Montana s single postseason record for touchdown passes 11 without an interception . That off season , he signed a six year contract worth 120 . 6 million , a record high for a quarterback at the time . A decline in performance and a hip injury resulted in Flacco losing his
Mohammad Masood Azhar Alvi born 10 July or 7 August 1968 is a radical Islamist and terrorist , being the founder and leader of the Pakistan based terrorist organisation Jaish e Mohammed , active mainly in the Pakistani administered portion of the Kashmir region . His actions are not limited to the South Asian region ; for instance , BBC News described him as the man who brought jihad to Britain . On 1 May 2019 , Masood Azhar was listed as an international terrorist by the United Nations Security Council . Early life Azhar was born in Bahawalpur , Punjab , Pakistan on 10 July 1968 although some sources list his birth date as 7 August 1968 as the third of 11 children five sons and six daughters . Azhar s father , Allah Bakhsh Shabbir , was the headmaster at a government run school as well as a cleric with Deobandi leanings and his family operated a dairy and poultry farm . Azhar dropped out of mainstream school after class 8 and joined the Jamia Uloom Islamic school , from where he graduated out in 1989 as an alim and was soon appointed as a teacher . The
Michael Joseph Jackson August 29 , 1958 June 25 , 2009 was an American singer , songwriter , dancer , and philanthropist . Known as the King of Pop , he is regarded as one of the most significant cultural figures of the 20th century . During his four decade career , his contributions to music , dance , and fashion , along with his publicized personal life , made him a global figure in popular culture . Jackson influenced artists across many music genres . Through stage and video performances , he popularized complicated street dance moves such as the moonwalk , which he named , as well as the robot . The eighth child of the Jackson family , Jackson made his public debut in 1964 with his older brothers Jackie , Tito , Jermaine , and Marlon as a member of the Jackson 5 later known as the Jacksons . Jackson began his solo career in 1971 while at Motown Records . He became a solo star with his 1979 album Off the Wall . His music videos , including those for Beat It , Billie Jean , and Thriller from his 1982 album Thriller , are
George VI Albert Frederick Arthur George ; 14 December 1895 6 February 1952 was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Commonwealth from 11 December 1936 until his death on 6 February 1952 . He was also the last Emperor of India from 1936 until the British Raj was dissolved in August 1947 , and the first head of the Commonwealth following the London Declaration of 1949 . The future George VI was born during the reign of his great grandmother Queen Victoria ; he was named Albert at birth after his great grandfather Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha and was known as Bertie to his family and close friends . His father ascended the throne as George V in 1910 . As the second son of the king , Albert was not expected to inherit the throne . He spent his early life in the shadow of his elder brother , Edward , the heir apparent . Albert attended naval college as a teenager and served in the Royal Navy and Royal Air Force during the First World War . In 1920 , he was made Duke of York . He married Lady
The Koodathayi cyanide killings were a series of unnatural deaths , suspected to be murders , that occurred in Koodathayi in Kozhikode district in Kerala , India . The crimes were investigated in late 2019 , involving the mystery of 6 deaths over a span of 14 years . The criminal cases drew considerable media and public interest to Kerala , and eventually led to the arrest of Jolly Joseph . Timeline of the crimes In 2002 , Annamma Thomas aged 57 , the mother in law of the accused , drank a glass of water after returning home from a walk . Immediately afterwards , she began to feel uneasy and dizzy , eventually collapsing on the floor . She was taken to the hospital where she later died , and the doctors declared that she had suffered a heart attack . In 2008 , Tom Thomas aged 66 , Annamma s husband and Jolly s father in law , passed away after swooning and collapsing . Jolly Joseph was allegedly present at the spot on both occasions . In 2011 , Roy Thomas aged 40 , Jolly s then husband , died after consuming his dinner of puttu
Christian Thielemann born 1 April 1959 is a German conductor . He is currently chief conductor of the Staatskapelle Dresden , and the designated Generalmusikdirektor of the Berlin State Opera Staatsoper Unter den Linden . Biography and career Born in West Berlin , Thielemann studied viola and piano there and took private lessons in composition and conducting before becoming répétiteur aged 19 at the Deutsche Oper Berlin with Heinrich Hollreiser and working as Herbert von Karajan s assistant . He worked at a number of smaller German theatres including the Musiktheater im Revier in Gelsenkirchen , in Karlsruhe , Hanover , at Düsseldorf s Deutsche Oper am Rhein as First Kapellmeister and in Nürnberg as Generalmusikdirektor before returning to the Deutsche Oper Berlin in 1991 to conduct Wagner s Lohengrin . During this time , he also assisted Daniel Barenboim at the Bayreuth Festspielhaus . Thielemann made his US debut during the 1991 1992 season in a new production of Strauss Elektra in San Francisco . Subsequent engagements at the Metropolitan Opera in New York followed . In 1997 , he became Generalmusikdirektor of the Deutsche Oper Berlin . A report in 2000 stated that Thielemann was to leave the
Tyler W . Ziegel October 16 , 1982 December 26 , 2012 was a United States Marine Corps sergeant who suffered severe burns during the Iraq War . He received the Purple Heart medal . Biography Ziegel was born in Peoria , Illinois , and was the eldest of two sons of Jeffrey and Rebecca Ziegel . His father worked in construction , his mother was a waitress . After school , Ziegel joined the U . S . Marine Corps . In 2003 , after recruit training , he was sent to Iraq . On December 22 , 2004 , Marine Sgt . Ziegel and six other marines were part of a convoy coming back to Al Asad Air Base from al Qaim in northwestern Iraq , when a suicide bomber detonated an explosive device near their truck . Ziegel survived but suffered serious injuries . His left arm was later amputated below the elbow , three fingers of his right hand were lost and , in place of the thumb , a big toe was transplanted . Ziegel became blind in one eye , and his ears , nose , and lips were burnt off . He also
Larkin Allen Collins Jr . July 19 , 1952 January 23 , 1990 was an American guitarist , and one of the founding members of the Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd . He co wrote many of the band s songs with frontman and original lead singer Ronnie Van Zant . Early life Collins was born in Jacksonville , Florida . He started playing guitar at 12 years of age , with a few lessons from his stepmother , Leila Collins , a country and western guitarist , and received his first guitar and amplifier from his mother . Inspired by the Beatles on The Ed Sullivan Show in 1964 , he formed his first group , The Mods , with friends Larry Steele bass , Donnie Ulsh guitar , and James Rice drums . Collins attended Nathan B . Forrest High School . In 1970 , Collins married Kathy Johns . All of his bandmates were in his wedding party , but Kathy worried that the band s long haired appearance would disturb her parents . To solve this problem , she required all the band members to keep their hair under wigs at the wedding ceremony . The
A warrant canary is a method by which a communications service provider aims to implicitly inform its users that the provider has been served with a government subpoena despite legal prohibitions on revealing the existence of the subpoena . The warrant canary typically informs users that there has not been a court issued subpoena as of a particular date . If the canary is not updated for the period specified by the host or if the warning is removed , users might assume the host has been served with such a subpoena . The intention is for a provider passively to warn users of the existence of a subpoena , albeit violating the spirit of a court order not to do so , while not violating the letter of the order . Some subpoenas , such as those covered under 18 U . S . C . 2709 c enacted as part of the USA Patriot Act , provide criminal penalties for disclosing the existence of the subpoena to any third party , including the service provider s users . National Security Letters NSL originated in the 1986 Electronic Communications Privacy Act and originally targeted those suspected of being agents
Scarlett Ingrid Johansson born November 22 , 1984 is an American actress . The world s highest paid actress in 2018 and 2019 , she has been featured multiple times on the Forbes Celebrity 100 list . Time named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2021 . Johansson s films have grossed over 14 . 3 billion worldwide , making her the highest grossing box office star of all time . Johansson first appeared on stage in an off Broadway play as a child actor . She made her film debut in the fantasy comedy North 1994 and gained early recognition for her roles in Manny Lo 1996 , The Horse Whisperer 1998 , and Ghost World 2001 . Her shift to adult roles came in 2003 with Lost in Translation , and she won a BAFTA Award for Best Actress for this performance . She continued to gain praise for playing a 17th century servant in Girl with a Pearl Earring 2003 , a troubled teenager in A Love Song for Bobby Long 2004 and a seductress in Match Point 2005 . The latter marked her first collaboration with Woody Allen , who
! NewPP limit report Parsed by mw api ext . eqiad . main 6d6f4f46b8 2lllw Cached time 20240323090358 Cache expiry 2592000 Reduced expiry false Complications is preview CPU time usage 0 . 070 seconds Real time usage 0 . 097 seconds Preprocessor visited node count 156 1000000 Post expand include size 15636 2097152 bytes Template argument size 5763 2097152 bytes Highest expansion depth 12 100 Expensive parser function count 1 500 Unstrip recursion depth 0 20 Unstrip post expand size 1653 5000000 bytes Lua time usage 0 . 031 10 . 000 seconds Lua memory usage 849405 52428800 bytes Number of Wikibase entities loaded 0 400 ! Transclusion expansion time report , ms , calls , template 100 . 00 78 . 456 1 total 100 . 00 78 . 456 1 Template Redirect_category_shell 97 . 26 76 . 306 1 Template Mbox 18 . 73 14 . 699 3 Template Redirect_template 14 . 40 11 . 295 1 Template R_from_move 10 . 89 8 . 542 1 Template R_from_unnecessary_disambiguation 4 . 94 3 . 874 1 Template R_unprintworthy 3 . 38 2 . 652 1 Template R_from_move except 3 . 19 2 . 506 1 Template Talk_other 3 .
Google Translate is a multilingual neural machine translation service developed by Google to translate text , documents and websites from one language into another . It offers a website interface , a mobile app for Android and iOS , as well as an API that helps developers build browser extensions and software applications . As of 2022 , Google Translate supports 133 languages at various levels ; it claimed over 500 million total users as of April 2016 , with more than 100 billion words translated daily , after the company stated in May 2013 that it served over 200 million people daily . Launched in April 2006 as a statistical machine translation service , it used United Nations and European Parliament documents and transcripts to gather linguistic data . Rather than translating languages directly , it first translates text to English and then pivots to the target language in most of the language combinations it posits in its grid , with a few exceptions including Catalan Spanish . During a translation , it looks for patterns in millions of documents to help decide which words to choose and how to arrange them in the target language . Its accuracy
Gyeongseong Creature Korean 경성크리처 is a South Korean horror thriller historical drama streaming television series that premiered on Netflix on December 22 , 2023 . Written by Kang Eun kyung , and directed by Chung Dong yoon and Roh Young sub , it stars Park Seo joon , Han So hee and Claudia Kim . Set in 1945 , during the occupation of Gyeongseong the old name for Seoul by the Imperial Japanese Army , the story depicts the brutality inflicted on civilians by the Japanese forces , subjecting men and women to secret biological experiments , the rebels who rise against them , and the monster creature produced from human experimentation . The second season will be released in 2024 . Synopsis Season 1 In the spring of 1945 in Gyeongseong , during the Japanese occupation of Korea , Jang Tae sang , the master of the city s most lucrative pawnshop , and Yoon Chae ok , a tracker searching for her missing mother , confront a strange creature born from biological experiments conducted in secret within Ongseong Hospital . Cast and characters Main Park Seo joon as Jang Tae sang Ho jae a wealthy man who is
Austin Robert Butler born August 17 , 1991 is an American actor . Butler began his career on television , first in roles on Disney Channel and Nickelodeon , most notably on Zoey 101 2007 2008 , and later on teen dramas , including recurring parts on The CW s Life Unexpected 2010 2011 and Switched at Birth 2011 2012 . He gained recognition for starring in The Carrie Diaries 2013 2014 and The Shannara Chronicles 2016 2017 . Butler made his Broadway debut in the 2018 revival of The Iceman Cometh and portrayed Tex Watson in Quentin Tarantino s film Once Upon a Time in Hollywood 2019 . Butler gained wider prominence for his portrayal of Elvis Presley in Baz Luhrmann s Elvis 2022 , for which he won the Golden Globe and BAFTA Award , and was also nominated for the Academy Award in that category . Time magazine named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2023 . He has since starred as Gale Cleven in the war drama miniseries Masters of the Air 2024 and Feyd Rautha Harkonnen in the science fiction film Dune Part Two 2024 . Early life Butler
Cher ; born Cherilyn Sarkisian ; May 20 , 1946 is an American singer , actress and television personality . Often referred to by the media as the Goddess of Pop , she has been described as embodying female autonomy in a male dominated industry . Known for her distinctive contralto singing voice and for having worked in numerous areas of entertainment , as well as adopting a variety of styles and appearances , Cher rose to fame in 1965 as one half of the folk rock husband wife duo Sonny Cher before releasing her first solo top ten singles Bang Bang My Baby Shot Me Down and You Better Sit Down Kids . Throughout the 1970s , she scored the US Billboard Hot 100 number one singles Gypsys , Tramps Thieves , Half Breed , and Dark Lady , becoming the female solo artist with the most number one singles in US history at the time . After her divorce from Sonny Bono in 1975 , Cher released the successful disco album Take Me Home 1979 . Her music career revival in 1987 saw the releases of rock inflected albums Cher 1987 , Heart of Stone 1989 , and
Hogmanay HOG mə nay , NAY , Scots ˌhɔɡməˈneː is the Scots word for the last day of the old year and is synonymous with the celebration of the New Year in the Scottish manner . It is normally followed by further celebration on the morning of New Year s Day 1 January and , in some cases , 2 January a Scottish bank holiday . In a few contexts , the word Hogmanay is used more loosely to describe the entire period consisting of the last few days of the old year and the first few days of the new year . For instance , not all events held under the banner of Edinburgh s Hogmanay take place on 31 December . The origins of Hogmanay are unclear , but it may be derived from Norse and Gaelic observances of the winter solstice . Customs vary throughout Scotland and usually include gift giving and visiting the homes of friends and neighbours , with particular attention given to the first foot , the first guest of the new year . Etymology The etymology of the word is obscure . The earliest proposed etymology comes from the 1693 Scotch Presbyterian Eloquence
Rachel Renee Smith born April 18 , 1985 is an American actress , TV host , model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss USA 2007 pageant and who previously had competed in the Miss Teen USA 2002 pageant . She represented the United States at Miss Universe 2007 and placed 4th Runner Up . Early life Smith was born on a U . S . Army base in Panama . She lived in Clarksville , TN after her parents were stationed at Fort Campbell . She attended Clarksville Academy and graduated from Davidson Academy for high school . Smith graduated magna cum laude from Belmont University in Nashville , Tennessee in 2006 with a Bachelor of Science in journalism . Smith graduated a semester early , in December 2006 . She received a full tuition scholarship to attend Belmont due to her community service activities and academic achievements throughout high school . While she was at Belmont , she interned for eight months with Chicago based Harpo Productions , a company owned by Oprah Winfrey . In January 2007 , it was announced that she had been chosen by Winfrey to volunteer for one month at her Leadership
Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh born Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark , later Philip Mountbatten ; 10 June 1921 9 April 2021 , was the husband of Queen Elizabeth II . As such , he was the consort of the British monarch from Elizabeth s accession on 6 February 1952 until his death in 2021 , making him the longest serving royal consort in history . Philip was born in Greece into the Greek and Danish royal families ; his family was exiled from the country when he was eighteen months old . After being educated in France , Germany , and the United Kingdom , he joined the Royal Navy in 1939 , when he was 18 years old . In July 1939 , Philip began corresponding with the 13 year old Princess Elizabeth , the elder daughter and heir presumptive of King George VI . During the Second World War , he served with distinction in the British Mediterranean and Pacific fleets . In the summer of 1946 , the King granted Philip permission to marry Elizabeth , then aged 20 . Before the official announcement of their engagement in July 1947 , Philip stopped using
The Serpent is a 2021 British crime drama television serial developed by Mammoth Screen and commissioned by the BBC . The eight part limited series is a co production between BBC One and Netflix . It is based on the crimes of Indian serial killer Charles the Serpent Sobhraj , who murdered young tourists from 1975 to 1976 . The series stars Tahar Rahim in the lead role as Sobhraj . The series was shot on location in Thailand , until the COVID 19 pandemic which halted production for five months from March 2020 . Filming was completed in Hertfordshire , England , during August 2020 . It premiered on BBC One on New Year s Day in 2021 and all eight episodes were immediately made available on BBC iPlayer . The show began streaming on Netflix in April 2021 . Plot Set in the mid 1970s , the story follows Charles Sobhraj , a French serial killer of Indian and Vietnamese descent , as he drugs and robs travellers , particularly young backpackers , travelling through Bangkok , Thailand , along the overland . He steals his victims passports and identities to travel the world and sells stolen gems
The 2023 Africa Cup of Nations , known in short as the 2023 AFCON or CAN 2023 and for sponsorship purposes as the TotalEnergies 2023 Africa Cup of Nations , was the 34th edition of the biennial Africa Cup of Nations tournament organised by the Confederation of African Football CAF . It was hosted by Ivory Coast , taking place in the country for the second time following the 1984 edition . This edition of the tournament was initially planned to take place during the Northern Hemisphere s summer like the 2019 Cup , in order to reduce scheduling conflicts with European club teams and competitions . However , it was postponed by CAF to 13 January 11 February 2024 on 3 July 2022 due to the summer weather concerns in Ivory Coast , although the competition retained the original name for sponsorship purposes . This followed the previous edition in 2021 in Cameroon also being moved to the Northern Hemisphere s winter season for similar reasons , albeit coupled with postponement due to the impact of the COVID 19 pandemic on the CAF calendar . Host nation Ivory Coast won the tournament for their third title . They beat
Chris Dobey born 31 May 1990 is an English professional darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation PDC events . He is the 2023 Masters champion . Career His first major TV appearance came in the 2015 UK Open where he lost 5 1 in the first round to Nathan Aspinall . At the 11th Players Championship of the year he had deciding leg victories over Jan Dekker , Kim Huybrechts and Max Hopp to reach the last 16 of a PDC event for the first time , where he was defeated 6 2 by Mark Webster . Dobey qualified for the 2015 World Series of Darts Finals and lost in a last leg decider to Terry Jenkins . At the 2016 German Darts Masters , Dobey saw off Ben Davies 6 1 and then averaged 100 . 64 in a win over Robert Thornton and 102 . 25 whilst beating Dave Chisnall 6 4 . In his first PDC quarter final he averaged over 100 again , but lost 6 5 to world number one Michael van Gerwen having led 5 4 . At the 19th Players Championship Dobey beat Stephen Bunting 6 3 to reach the semi
Ann Dustin Wilson born June 19 , 1950 is an American singer and songwriter best known as the lead singer of the rock band Heart . Wilson has been a member of Heart since the early 1970s ; her younger sister , Nancy , is also a member of the band . The first hard rock band fronted by women , Heart released numerous albums between 1976 and 2016 ; the early Heart albums Dreamboat Annie 1976 , and Little Queen 1977 generated classic hard rock singles such as Magic Man , Crazy on You , and Barracuda . All told , Heart has sold over 35 million records worldwide , placed 29 singles on the Billboard Hot 100 , and has scored top 10 albums on the Billboard 200 in the 1970s , 1980s , 1990s , and 2010s . Ann Wilson was ranked no . 78 in Hit Parader s 2006 list of Greatest Heavy Metal Vocalists of All Time . In 2013 , she was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Heart . Wilson possesses a dramatic soprano vocal range . She is known for her operatic abilities . Early
John Joseph Travolta born February 18 , 1954 is an American actor . Travolta began acting in television before transitioning into a leading man in films . His accolades include a Primetime Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award , in addition to nominations for two Academy Awards and a BAFTA Award . Travolta came to prominence starring in the sitcom Welcome Back , Kotter 1975 1979 , followed by leading roles in Carrie 1976 , Grease 1978 , Urban Cowboy 1980 , and Blow Out 1981 . He earned nominations for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his roles in Saturday Night Fever 1977 and Pulp Fiction 1994 . His other notable films include Get Shorty 1995 , Broken Arrow 1996 , Michael 1996 , Face Off 1997 , A Civil Action 1998 , Primary Colors 1998 , The General s Daughter 1999 , Wild Hogs 2007 , Hairspray 2007 , Bolt 2008 , and Savages 2012 . Travolta returned to television portraying lawyer Robert Shapiro in the series The People v . O . J . Simpson American Crime Story . He received a Primetime Emmy Award as a producer as well as nominations for a Primetime
Keanu Charles Reeves kee AH noo ; born September 2 , 1964 is a Canadian actor , musician , and comic book writer . Regarded as one of the greatest actors of the 21st century , he is known for his personal reputation and versatile performances in numerous genres throughout his career , and is considered a sex symbol in the media . Born in Beirut and raised in Toronto , he made his acting debut in the Canadian television series Hangin In 1984 , before making his feature film debut in Youngblood 1986 . Reeves had his breakthrough role in the science fiction comedy Bill Ted s Excellent Adventure 1989 , and he reprised his role in its sequels . He gained praise for playing a hustler in the independent drama My Own Private Idaho 1991 and established himself as an action hero with leading roles in Point Break 1991 and Speed 1994 . Following several box office disappointments , Reeves s performance in the horror film The Devil s Advocate 1997 was well received . Greater stardom came for playing Neo in The Matrix 1999 , with Reeves becoming the highest paid actor for a single production for
Ian Andrew Ziering ; born March 30 , 1964 is an American actor best known for his role as Steve Sanders on the television series Beverly Hills , 90210 , which he played from 1990 to 2000 . He is also the voice of Vinnie on Biker Mice from Mars . From 2013 to 2018 , he starred as Fin Shepard in the Sharknado film series . In 2019 , he played the DC Comics character Blue Devil on the series Swamp Thing . Early life Ziering was born in Newark , New Jersey , the youngest of three boys for Muriel 1925 1998 and Paul M . Ziering 1921 2008 , an educator , orchestra leader , and saxophonist . He grew up in West Orange , New Jersey and has two older brothers , Jeff and Barry . Ziering is Jewish his family is from Russia and Austria . He graduated from West Orange High School in 1982 , and from William Paterson University in 1988 . Career In 1990 , Ziering began his portrayal of the character Steve Sanders on the hit series Beverly Hills , 90210 . Sanders was a high school student and friend of
XXX State of the Union released as XXX2 The Next Level and XXX State of Emergency outside North America is a 2005 American action spy film directed by Lee Tamahori and a sequel to the 2002 film XXX . It is the second installment of the XXX film series , and was produced by Revolution Studios for Columbia Pictures . Vin Diesel and Rob Cohen , the lead actor and director of the original , had signed on to a sequel before the first film had opened , but both dropped out over scripting issues , while Cohen worked on Stealth . Cohen remained as an executive producer . Ice Cube took over the lead role as the new Triple X agent and Tamahori was brought in to direct , following the huge commercial success of the James Bond film Die Another Day , which he directed . Two different scripts were prepared for the film , and the one written by Simon Kinberg was selected ; the other script featured a radically different plot . Released on April 29 , 2005 , State of the Union is the last film in the XXX film series to be distributed by
Adolf Hitler 20 April 1889 30 April 1945 was an Austrian born German politician who was the dictator of Germany from 1933 until his suicide in 1945 . He rose to power as the leader of the Nazi Party , becoming the chancellor in 1933 and then taking the title of Führer und Reichskanzler in 1934 . During his dictatorship , he initiated World War II in Europe by invading Poland on 1 September 1939 . He was closely involved in military operations throughout the war and was central to the perpetration of the genocide of about six million Jews and millions of other victims . Hitler was born in Braunau am Inn in Austria Hungary and was raised near Linz . He lived in Vienna later in the first decade of the 1900s before moving to Germany in 1913 . He was decorated during his service in the German Army in World War I . In 1919 , he joined the German Workers Party DAP , the precursor of the Nazi Party , and in 1921 was appointed leader of the Nazi Party . In 1923 , he attempted to seize governmental power in a failed coup in Munich
Thomas Scott is an English YouTuber and web developer . His self titled YouTube channel offers educational videos across a range of topics including history , geography , linguistics , science , and technology . As of January 2024 , his five YouTube channels have collectively gained over 7 . 61 million subscribers and 1 . 82 billion views . Early life Thomas Scott was born in Mansfield , Nottinghamshire , and graduated from the University of York with a degree in linguistics and the English language . He later earned a Master of Arts in educational studies . 4 55 While at university in 2004 , he produced a website parodying the British government s Preparing for Emergencies website , including a section explaining what to do in case of a zombie apocalypse . This resulted in the Cabinet Office demanding the site be deleted , to which Scott sent a polite response declining to take down the site . In 2009 , Scott became the official UK organiser of International Talk Like a Pirate Day , and was subsequently nominated by his friends to run for student president at the University of York Students Union , under the
Dayanara Torres Delgado born October 28 , 1974 is a Puerto Rican actress , singer , model , writer and beauty queen who won Miss Universe 1993 . Torres was discovered at age 17 while walking through the Plaza de Toa Alta in her hometown , and was invited to represent Toa Alta in the annual Miss Puerto Rico pageant . She won the pageant and the right to represent Puerto Rico in the 1993 Miss Universe pageant . In 1992 , she participated in the Miss International pageant and became a semi finalist . The same year , she earned second place at the Queen of the World contest . Torres won the crown in the Miss Universe pageant held in Mexico in May 1993 . Torres victory in the pageant caused some controversy because of the claim that she was still a minor ; however , Torres had turned 18 several months before the contest . Her victory also raised some eyebrows , as she did not top any of the pageant s segments . When Torres returned home to Puerto Rico , she was received with a parade . During and after her reign as Miss Universe
Cillian Murphy KILL ee ən ; born 25 May 1976 is an Irish actor . He made his professional debut in Enda Walsh s 1996 play Disco Pigs , a role he later reprised in the 2001 screen adaptation . His early film credits include the horror film 28 Days Later 2002 , the dark comedy Intermission 2003 , the thriller Red Eye 2005 , the Irish war drama The Wind That Shakes the Barley 2006 , and the science fiction thriller Sunshine 2007 . He played a transgender Irish woman in the comedy drama Breakfast on Pluto 2005 , which earned him a Golden Globe Award nomination . Murphy began his collaboration with filmmaker Christopher Nolan in 2005 , playing the Scarecrow in The Dark Knight trilogy 2005 2012 as well as appearing in Inception 2010 and Dunkirk 2017 . He gained greater prominence for his role as Tommy Shelby in the BBC period drama series Peaky Blinders 2013 2022 and for starring in the horror sequel A Quiet Place Part II 2020 . Murphy portrayed J . Robert Oppenheimer in Nolan s Oppenheimer 2023 , for which he received the Academy Award for Best Actor , along with
William Jefferson Clinton born William Jefferson Blythe III , August 19 , 1946 is an American politician who served as the 42nd president of the United States from 1993 to 2001 . A member of the Democratic Party , he previously served as Governor of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and again from 1983 to 1992 . Clinton , whose policies reflected a centrist Third Way political philosophy , became known as a New Democrat . Clinton was born and raised in Arkansas . He graduated from Georgetown University in 1968 , and later from Yale Law School , where he met his future wife , Hillary Rodham . After graduating from law school , Clinton returned to Arkansas and won election as state attorney general , followed by two non consecutive tenures as Arkansas governor . As governor , he overhauled the state s education system and served as chairman of the National Governors Association . Clinton was elected president in the 1992 election , defeating the incumbent Republican Party president George H . W . Bush and the independent businessman Ross Perot . He became the first president to be born in the Baby Boomer generation . Clinton
Rachel Zegler ; born May 3 , 2001 is an American actress and singer . She came to prominence with her film debut playing María in Steven Spielberg s musical adaptation West Side Story 2021 , for which she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress Motion Picture Comedy or Musical . In 2023 , she played Anthea in Shazam ! Fury of the Gods and Lucy Gray Baird in The Hunger Games The Ballad of Songbirds Snakes . Early life Rachel Zegler was born in Hackensack , New Jersey , in 2001 to Gina and Craig Zegler . She was named after the fictional character Rachel Green from the TV series Friends . She has an older sister named Jacklyn . Her mother is of Colombian descent . Her maternal grandmother immigrated from Barranquilla , Colombia to the United States in the 1960s . Her father is of Polish descent . She was raised in Clifton , New Jersey , where she attended St . Philip the Apostle Preparatory School . Afterwards , she attended the Catholic all girls college preparatory Immaculate Conception High School , which she graduated from in 2019 . Career Zegler began her career
Walter Bruce Willis born March 19 , 1955 is an American retired actor . He achieved fame with a leading role on the comedy drama series Moonlighting 1985 1989 and has appeared in over a hundred films , gaining recognition as an action hero for his portrayal of John McClane in the Die Hard franchise 1988 2013 . Willis s other notable credits include The Last Boy Scout 1991 , Pulp Fiction 1994 , 12 Monkeys 1995 , The Fifth Element 1997 , Armageddon 1998 , The Sixth Sense 1999 , Unbreakable , The Whole Nine Yards both 2000 , Tears of the Sun 2003 , Sin City 2005 , The Expendables , Red both 2010 , Looper 2012 and Glass 2019 . In the last few years of his career , he starred in many low budget direct to video films , which were mostly poorly received . Willis retired from acting in 2022 due to aphasia . He was diagnosed with frontotemporal dementia in 2023 . As a singer , Willis released his debut album , The Return of Bruno , in 1987 , followed by two more albums in 1989 and 2001 . He made his Broadway
Archie Madekwe , born 10 February 1995 is a British actor . On television , he is known for his role in the Apple TV series See 2019 2022 . His films include Midsommar 2019 , Gran Turismo and Saltburn both 2023 . Early life and education Madekwe was born in South London . His parents divorced when he was young . His cousin is actress Ashley Madekwe . At 14 , Madekwe began attending the BRIT School . He also joined the National Youth Theatre . He furthered his studies at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art LAMDA , and left early when he was cast in Ian Rickson s The Goat , or Who Is Sylvia ? by Edward Albee on the West End opposite Damian Lewis and Sophie Okonedo . Career Madekwe made his television debut in 2014 with a guest appearance in an episode of the BBC medical drama Casualty . He then portrayed Luca in two episodes of the Channel 4 comedy drama Fresh Meat in 2016 . In 2017 , Madekwe made his West End debut in The Goat , or Who Is Sylvia ? at the Theatre Royal Haymarket alongside Damian
Devlin Patrick Hodges born April 12 , 1996 , nicknamed Duck , is a former American football quarterback . He played college football at Samford , after playing at Mortimer Jordan High School . He was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2019 . He was also a member of the Los Angeles Rams and Ottawa Redblacks . College career Hodges was a four year starter at quarterback for Samford . He was named the Southern Conference Offensive Player of the Year three times , and he was the recipient of the 2018 Walter Payton Award during his senior year in which he set the NCAA Football Championship Subdivision career record for passing completions 1 , 310 and attempts 1 , 896 . Hodges marks broke the previous records that were set by former Alcorn State quarterback Steve McNair in 1994 . College statistics Professional career Pittsburgh Steelers 2019 season Hodges signed with the Pittsburgh Steelers as an undrafted free agent on May 13 , 2019 . He was waived on August 31 , 2019 . The Steelers re signed Hodges to their practice squad on September 10 , 2019 . He was promoted to
Tiger 3 is a 2023 Indian Hindi language action thriller film which marks the fifth installment in the YRF Spy Universe . Starring Salman Khan , Katrina Kaif and Emraan Hashmi , it is directed by Maneesh Sharma and produced by Aditya Chopra under Yash Raj Films . A sequel to Tiger Zinda Hai 2017 , the film is set after the events of War 2019 and Pathaan 2023 . In it , Tiger and Zoya set out to stop a rogue ISI agent who uses them to stage a coup against the Pakistani government . Principal photography began in March 2021 with filming taking place in Delhi , Mumbai , Istanbul , Saint Petersburg and Vienna . The film s soundtrack is composed by Pritam while the background score is composed by Tanuj Tiku . Made at an estimated budget of 300 crore , it is one of the most expensive Indian films and the most expensive film produced by Yash Raj Films . Tiger 3 was released on 12 November 2023 in standard , IMAX , 4DX , and other premium formats , coinciding with Diwali . It received mixed to positive reviews from critics , with praise
The Mary Wallopers are a contemporary Irish folk music group based in Dundalk , County Louth , originally consisting of brothers Charles and Andrew Hendy , and Sean McKenna . In 2022 the group expanded to include Róisín Barrett on bass , Brendan McInerney on drums , Seamus Hyland on accordion , and Finnian O Connor on tin whistle and uilleann pipes . In late 2023 , Hyland left to concentrate on his own music . McInerney had previously been replaced by Ken Mooney of The Urges . Background Charles Hendy has stated that the band s biggest thematic influence has been reactionary stuff to poverty , while the band credit Jinx Lennon as being among their biggest musical influences . The Mary Wallopers cultivated a large fanbase following their gigs they live streamed from the Hendys home during COVID 19 lockdowns . In November 2023 , the band performed alongside Damien Dempsey , Lankum , Lisa O Neill and Pauline Scanlon as part of the Gig for Gaza at the 3Arena , a widely celebrated concert which raised funds for medical equipment for Palestinians in Gaza . Musical style Their first album , the self titled The Mary Wallopers
Shah Rukh Khan pronounced ˈʃɑːɦɾʊx xɑːn ; born 2 November 1965 , also known by the initialism SRK , is an Indian actor and film producer who works in Hindi films . Referred to in the media as the Baadshah of Bollywood and King Khan , he has appeared in more than 100 films , and earned numerous accolades , including 14 Filmfare Awards . He has been awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India , as well as the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres and Legion of Honour by the Government of France . Khan has a significant following in Asia and the Indian diaspora worldwide . In terms of audience size and income , several media outlets have described him as one of the most successful film stars in the world . Many of his films thematise Indian national identity and connections with diaspora communities , or gender , racial , social and religious differences and grievances . Khan began his career with appearances in several television series in the late 1980s and made his Bollywood debut in 1992 with the musical romance Deewana . He was initially recognised for playing villainous roles in the
The 2023 PDC World Darts Championship known as the 2023 Cazoo World Darts Championship was a professional darts event that took place at Alexandra Palace in London , England , from 15 December 2022 to 3 January 2023 . It was the 30th World Darts Championship to be organised by the Professional Darts Corporation since it separated from the now defunct British Darts Organisation . Steve Beaton made a record extending 32nd consecutive World Championship appearance , but lost in the first round to Danny van Trijp , and Dutchman Raymond van Barneveld became the second player to make 30 World Championship appearances . Peter Wright was the defending champion , having defeated Michael Smith in 2022 final , but he lost 4 1 to Kim Huybrechts in the third round . Smith defeated Michael van Gerwen 7 4 in the final , winning his first world title and reaching world number one on the PDC Order of Merit for the first time . Smith hit the only nine dart finish of the tournament in the final , with the score at 1 0 in sets to van Gerwen and 1 1 in legs , when van Gerwen had thrown
John Richard Pilger ; 9 October 1939 30 December 2023 was an Australian journalist , writer , scholar and documentary filmmaker . From 1962 , he was based mainly in Britain . He was also a visiting professor at Cornell University in New York . Pilger was a critic of American , Australian and British foreign policy , which he considered to be driven by an imperialist and colonialist agenda . He criticised his native country s treatment of Indigenous Australians . He first drew international attention for his reports on the Cambodian genocide . Pilger s career as a documentary film maker began with The Quiet Mutiny 1970 , made during one of his visits to Vietnam , and continued with over 50 documentaries thereafter . Other works in this form include Year Zero 1979 , about the aftermath of the Pol Pot regime in Cambodia , and Death of a Nation The Timor Conspiracy 1993 . His many documentary films on indigenous Australians include The Secret Country 1985 and Utopia 2013 . In the British print media , Pilger worked at the Daily Mirror from 1963 to 1986 , and wrote a regular column for the New Statesman
The Witches also known as Roald Dahl s The Witches , is a 2020 dark fantasy comedy horror film co produced and directed by Robert Zemeckis , who co wrote the screenplay with Kenya Barris and Guillermo del Toro , based on the 1983 novel The Witches by Roald Dahl . It is the second film adaptation of the novel , following The Witches 1990 . The film stars Anne Hathaway , Octavia Spencer , Stanley Tucci , and Kristin Chenoweth . The Witches was released on the streaming service HBO Max in the United States on October 22 , 2020 , and had a theatrical release in some markets beginning on October 28 , by Warner Bros . Pictures . The film received mixed reviews from critics , who praised the performances and visuals but criticised its script , deeming it inferior to the 1990 film despite being more faithful to the original novel . The film was removed from HBO Max on August 3 , 2022 . Plot In 1968 , young Charlie Hansen lives with his grandmother Agatha in Demopolis , Alabama , after a car accident kills his parents in Chicago . Gradually , she cheers
Michael Pettaway Tomlin born March 15 , 1972 is an American football coach who is the head coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers in the National Football League NFL . Since joining the Steelers in 2007 , he has led the team to eleven playoff runs , seven division titles , three AFC Championship Games , two Super Bowl appearances , and a title in Super Bowl XLIII . At age 36 , Tomlin became the youngest head coach to win the Super Bowl , a record which was later broken by Sean McVay in Super Bowl LVI . Tomlin holds the record for most consecutive non losing seasons to begin a coaching career with 17 and has never had a losing season . Only Tom Landry 21 and Bill Belichick 19 have had longer such streaks at any point in their coaching careers . Upon Belichick s departure from the New England Patriots following the 2023 season , Tomlin is the NFL s longest tenured active head coach . Early life Tomlin was born in Hampton , Virginia , the younger of two sons ; his brother , Eddie , is three and a half years older . Their father
Peter Michaelsen Pisarczyk born May 30 , 1965 , better known as Peter Keys , is an American keyboardist . He is best known for his work with George Clinton in various P Funk lineups and as a member of the rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd since 2009 . Early life He was born in Burlington , Vermont , United States , to Michael Pisarczyk and Carole Bouchard . Keys developed an interest in music at a young age as his parents played him to sleep with their 1923 Steinway piano . He began playing piano at age four and is classically trained . He had his first performance at the age of five in New Haven , Connecticut , at the Neighborhood School of Music . Keys was determined to make a living as a musician and moved to northern California in 1976 where he played with his first band Smeagol . After Smeagol s disbandment he started a cover band called Sound Advice . He studied music through 1985 and went to the Berklee College of Music in Boston , Massachusetts , before dropping out to continue performing . Career After dropping out of Berklee , Keys moved to
Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio ; Italian diˈkaːprjo ; born November 11 , 1974 is an American actor and film producer . Known for his work in biographical and period films , he is the recipient of numerous accolades , including an Academy Award , a British Academy Film Award , and three Golden Globe Awards . As of 2019 , his films have grossed over 7 . 2 billion worldwide , and he has been placed eight times in annual rankings of the world s highest paid actors . Born in Los Angeles , DiCaprio began his career in the late 1980s by appearing in television commercials . In the early 1990s , he had recurring roles in various television shows , such as the sitcom Parenthood , and had his first major film part as author Tobias Wolff in This Boy s Life 1993 . He received critical acclaim and his first Academy Award and Golden Globe Award nominations for his performance as a developmentally disabled boy in What s Eating Gilbert Grape 1993 . DiCaprio achieved international stardom with the star crossed romances Romeo Juliet 1996 and Titanic 1997 . After the latter became the highest grossing film in
Margaret Julia Thomas born November 21 , 1937 is an American actress , producer , author , and social activist . She is best known for starring on the sitcom That Girl 1966 1971 and her children s franchise Free to Be . . . You and Me . She has received three Primetime Emmy Awards , a Daytime Emmy Award , a Golden Globe Award , a Peabody Award for her work in television and has been inducted into the Broadcasting and Cable Hall of Fame . She has also received a Grammy Award for her children s album Marlo Thomas and Friends Thanks Giving All Year Long . In 2014 , she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom . Thomas serves as National Outreach Director for St . Jude Children s Research Hospital , which was founded by her father Danny Thomas in 1962 . She created the Thanks Giving campaign in 2004 to support the hospital . Early life Thomas was born in Detroit and raised in Beverly Hills , California , the eldest child of Rose Marie Cassaniti and comedian Danny Thomas . She has a sister , Terre , and a brother , producer
World War II or the Second World War was a global conflict that lasted from 1939 to 1945 . The vast majority of the world s countries , including all the great powers , fought as part of two opposing military alliances the Allies and the Axis . Many participating countries invested all available economic , industrial , and scientific capabilities into this total war , blurring the distinction between civilian and military resources . Aircraft played a major role , enabling the strategic bombing of population centres and delivery of the only two nuclear weapons ever used in war . It was by far the deadliest conflict in history , resulting in 70 85 million fatalities . Millions died due to genocides , including the Holocaust , as well as starvation , massacres , and disease . In the wake of Axis defeat , Germany , Austria , and Japan were occupied , and war crime tribunals were conducted against German and Japanese leaders . The causes of the war are debated ; contributing factors included the rise of fascism in Europe , the Spanish Civil War , the Second Sino Japanese War , Soviet Japanese border conflicts ,
The Burj Khalifa known as the Burj Dubai prior to its inauguration is a skyscraper in Dubai , United Arab Emirates . It is the world s tallest structure . With a total height of 829 . 8 m 2 , 722 ft , or just over half a mile and a roof height excluding antenna , but including a 242 . 6 m spire of 828 m 2 , 717 ft , the Burj Khalifa has been the tallest structure and building in the world since its topping out in 2009 , surpassing Taipei 101 , the previous holder of that status . Construction of the Burj Khalifa began in 2004 , with the exterior completed five years later in 2009 . The primary structure is reinforced concrete and some of the structural steel for the building originated from the Palace of the Republic in East Berlin , the former East German parliament . The building was opened in 2010 as part of a new development called Downtown Dubai . It was designed to be the centerpiece of large scale , mixed use development . The decision to construct the building was based on the government s decision to
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom UK or Britain , is a country in Northwestern Europe , off the north western coast of the continental mainland . It comprises England , Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland . It includes the island of Great Britain , the north eastern part of the island of Ireland , and most of the smaller islands within the British Isles . Northern Ireland shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland ; otherwise , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , the North Sea , the English Channel , the Celtic Sea , and the Irish Sea . The total area of the United Kingdom is 94 , 354 square miles 244 , 376 km2 , with an estimated population of just over 67 million people in 2021 . The United Kingdom has evolved from a series of annexations , unions and separations of constituent countries over several hundred years . The Treaty of Union between the Kingdom of England which included Wales and the Kingdom of Scotland in 1707 resulted in their unification to become the Kingdom of
Google LLC , GOO ghəl is an American multinational corporation and technology company focusing on online advertising , search engine technology , cloud computing , computer software , quantum computing , e commerce , consumer electronics , and artificial intelligence AI . It has been referred to as the most powerful company in the world and as one of the world s most valuable brands due to its market dominance , data collection , and technological advantages in the field of AI . Google s parent company Alphabet Inc . is one of the five Big Tech companies , alongside Amazon , Apple , Meta , and Microsoft . Google was founded on September 4 , 1998 , by American computer scientists Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were PhD students at Stanford University in California . Together they own about 14 of its publicly listed shares and control 56 of its stockholder voting power through super voting stock . The company went public via an initial public offering IPO in 2004 . In 2015 , Google was reorganized as a wholly owned subsidiary of Alphabet Inc . Google is Alphabet s largest subsidiary and is a holding company
Berlin Andrés de Fonollosa is a fictional character in the Netflix series Money Heist and in its prequel spin off , Berlin , portrayed by Pedro Alonso . A terminally ill grand larcenist , jewel thief , and cracksman , he is the Professor s second in command and brother . Character biography The police find out that Berlin s real name is Andrés de Fonollosa and that he is terminally ill during part 1 . Meanwhile , he starts a coercive relationship with a hostage named Ariadna . In the final minutes of part 2 , Berlin sacrifices himself so that the gang can escape , dying under police fire . Despite his death , he appears in a main role in part 3 through flashbacks to several years earlier , showing his original planning of the Bank of Spain heist and being married to a woman named Tatiana . Berlin is seen to be proficient in other languages than Spanish including English , Italian and Portuguese . Characterisation La Voz de Galicia characterised Berlin as a cold , hypnotic , sophisticated , and disturbing character , an inveterate macho with serious empathy problems , a white collar thief
Napoleon Bonaparte born Napoleone di Buonaparte ; 15 August 1769 5 May 1821 , later known by his regnal name Napoleon I , was a French emperor and military commander who rose to prominence during the French Revolution and led successful campaigns during the Revolutionary Wars . He was the leader of the French Republic as First Consul from 1799 to 1804 , then of the French Empire as Emperor of the French from 1804 until 1814 , and briefly again in 1815 . His political and cultural legacy endures as a celebrated and controversial leader . He initiated many enduring reforms , but has been criticized for his authoritarian rule . He is considered one of the greatest military commanders in history and his wars and campaigns are still studied at military schools worldwide . However , historians still debate the degree to which he was responsible for the Napoleonic Wars , in which between three and six million people died . Napoleon was born on the island of Corsica into a family descended from Italian nobility . He was resentful of the French monarchy , and supported the French Revolution in 1789 while serving in the French army
Michael Chandler born April 24 , 1986 is an American professional mixed martial artist . He currently competes in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship UFC . A professional competitor since 2009 , Chandler first gained notoriety while competing for Bellator MMA , an organization he competed in from 2010 through 2020 . There , Chandler became a three time Bellator Lightweight Champion and was the winner of the Bellator Season Four Lightweight Tournament . As of March 12 , 2024 , he is 6 in the UFC lightweight rankings . Background Chandler was born and raised in High Ridge , Missouri , the second of four children to Michael Sr . and Betty Chandler . He is of German and Irish heritage . Chandler was on the honor roll every term in high school , received three letters in football , and finished as the runner up at the MSHSAA State Championships as a senior in wrestling . He was voted the Most Valuable Wrestler during his senior season and was selected to the All St . Louis Team . Upon graduating from Northwest High School in 2004 , Chandler enrolled at the University of Missouri without
Hunter Schafer born December 31 , 1998 is an American actress , model , director , and LGBT rights activist . She made her acting debut as transgender high school student Jules Vaughn in the HBO teen drama television series Euphoria 2019 present , which earned her nominations for a Shorty Award , an MTV Movie TV Award , and a Dorian Award . In 2023 , she portrayed Tigris Snow in The Hunger Games The Ballad of Songbirds Snakes . For her activism against North Carolina s anti LGBT legislation HB2 , Teen Vogue listed Schafer on its 21 Under 21 list in 2017 . Early life Schafer was born on December 31 , 1998 , in Trenton , New Jersey , to parents Katy and Mac Schafer . Her father is a Presbyterian minister , and their family moved between churches and congregations in New Jersey , Arizona , and finally Raleigh , North Carolina . She has three younger siblings two sisters and a brother . Schafer has said she started expressing femininity as a toddler . In seventh grade , Schafer came out to her parents as a gay boy , but started experiencing gender dysphoria
Alison Oliver born 3 June 1997 is an Irish actress . She is known for her debut role as Frances in the BBC Three and Hulu miniseries Conversations with Friends 2022 , and she was named in Variety s 10 actors to watch in 2023 . Early life Oliver was born in Ballintemple , Cork before moving to Blackrock when she was young . Her mother is a social worker and her father worked in the motor trade . She attended Scoil Mhuire , a private school in Cork , and took drama , singing and dancing lessons at The Performer s Academy and the Cork School of Dance . She applied to Trinity College Dublin s drama school The Lir Academy , but was invited to take a year long foundation course in Acting and Theatre first . She auditioned again after completing the course , going on to graduate with a Bachelor of Arts in Acting in 2020 . Career Oliver landed her debut television role as Frances Flynn in Conversations with Friends , a miniseries adaptation of Sally Rooney s 2017 debut novel of the same name developed by Element Pictures for BBC Three and Hulu .
My Life with the Walter Boys is an American teen drama television series that premiered on Netflix on December 7 , 2023 . The coming of age drama is an adaptation of Ali Novak s 2014 novel of the same name , which was first published on Wattpad . The series follows recently orphaned Jackie Howard Nikki Rodriguez , a teenage girl from Manhattan who relocates to rural Colorado after she is taken in by the Walters , a family of seven sons and one daughter . The series was developed by Melanie Halsall . It stars Nikki Rodriguez , Noah LaLonde , Ashby Gentry and Alisha Newton . In December 2023 , the series was renewed for a second season . Cast and characters Main Nikki Rodriguez as Jackie Howard , a 15 year old who moves to Silver Falls , Colorado , after losing her family in a car accident in New York City . She struggles to adjust to her new environment as she tries to make new friends and heal from her pain Noah LaLonde as Cole Walter , Danny s fraternal twin who used to be quarterback at Silver Falls High School but suffered from
Mohamed Al Fayed ; 27 January 1929 30 August 2023 was an Egyptian businessman whose residence and chief business interests were in the United Kingdom from the mid 1960s . His business interests included ownership of the Hôtel Ritz Paris , and Harrods department store and Fulham Football Club , both in London . At the time of his death in 2023 , Fayed s wealth was estimated at US 2 billion . Fayed was married to Samira Khashoggi from 1954 to 1956 , and they had a son , Dodi . Dodi was in a relationship with Diana , Princess of Wales , when they both died in a car crash in Paris in 1997 . Early life and family Mohamed Al Fayed was born on 27 January 1929 in the Roshdy neighbourhood of Alexandria , in the Kingdom of Egypt , the eldest son of an Egyptian primary school teacher from Asyut . His year of birth has been disputed . His website , alfayed . com , used to claim he was born in 1933 , but the Department of Trade found his date of birth was 27 January 1929 . The website changed his birthyear from
The Act is an American biographical crime drama television limited series that premiered in eight parts on March 20 , 2019 , on Hulu . The plot is based on the life of Gypsy Rose Blanchard and the murder of her mother , Dee Dee Blanchard , who was accused of abusing her daughter by fabricating illness and disabilities as a direct consequence of Munchausen syndrome by proxy . Joey King portrayed Gypsy , while Patricia Arquette played her mother , Dee Dee Blanchard . AnnaSophia Robb , Chloë Sevigny , and Calum Worthy star in supporting roles . At the 71st Primetime Emmy Awards , Arquette won for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Limited Series and King received a nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series . Premise The series follows the story of Gypsy Blanchard Joey King , who uses a wheelchair due to an illness . Growing up , her relationship with her overprotective mother Patricia Arquette begins to sour as she increasingly insists on her independence . She rebels as her mother , who dedicated her life to her care , grows more protective , controlling and abusive , particularly amid her attempt to
Ansel Easton Adams February 20 , 1902 April 22 , 1984 was an American landscape photographer and environmentalist known for his black and white images of the American West . He helped found Group f 64 , an association of photographers advocating pure photography which favored sharp focus and the use of the full tonal range of a photograph . He and Fred Archer developed a system of image making called the Zone System , a method of achieving a desired final print through a technical understanding of how the tonal range of an image is the result of choices made in exposure , negative development , and printing . Adams was a life long advocate for environmental conservation , and his photographic practice was deeply entwined with this advocacy . At age 14 , he was given his first camera during his first visit to Yosemite National Park . He developed his early photographic work as a member of the Sierra Club . He was later contracted with the United States Department of the Interior to make photographs of national parks . For his work and his persistent advocacy , which helped expand the National Park system , he
Jennifer Lynn Affleck née Lopez ; born July 24 , 1969 , also known by her nickname J . Lo , is an American actress , dancer and singer . Lopez is regarded as one of the most influential entertainers in the world . She was credited with helping propel the Latin pop movement in music and breaking barriers for Latino Americans in Hollywood . She further impacted popular culture through fashion , branding , and shifting mainstream beauty standards . Lopez began her career as a dancer , making her television debut as a Fly Girl on the sketch comedy series In Living Color in 1991 . She later rose to prominence as an actress , with leading roles in the films Selena 1997 , Anaconda 1997 and Out of Sight 1998 establishing her as the highest paid Latin actress . She successfully ventured into the music industry with her debut album On the 6 1999 . In 2001 , she became the first woman to simultaneously have the number one album and film in the United States with her second album J . Lo and romantic comedy The Wedding Planner . She has since become known for starring
Charles Matthew Hunnam ; born 10 April 1980 is an English actor and screenwriter . He is best known for his role as Jax Teller in the FX series Sons of Anarchy 2008 2014 . His portrayal was nominated twice for the Critics Choice Television Award for Best Actor . Hunnam has been featured as the lead in numerous films , including Green Street Elite , as Petey Dunham , Nicholas Nickleby as Nicholas Nickleby 2002 , Raleigh Becket in Pacific Rim 2013 , Alan McMichael in Crimson Peak 2015 , Percy Fawcett in The Lost City of Z 2016 , the title role in King Arthur Legend of the Sword 2017 , William Ironhead Miller in Triple Frontier , Raymond Smith in The Gentlemen both in 2019 , Detective Charlie Waldo in Last Looks 2022 and Kai in the Rebel Moon franchise 2023 . His notable television roles include Nathan Maloney in the Channel 4 drama Queer as Folk 1999 2000 , Lloyd Haythe on the Fox series Undeclared 2001 2002 , and Dale Conti Lindsay Linbaba Ford in the Apple TV series Shantaram 2022 . Early life Charles Matthew Hunnam was born in Newcastle upon Tyne on 10
Montero Lamar Hill born April 9 , 1999 , better known by his stage name Lil Nas X NAHZ , is an American rapper , singer , and songwriter . He rose to prominence with the release of his country rap single Old Town Road , which spent 19 weeks atop the U . S . Billboard Hot 100 chart becoming the longest running number one song since the chart s debut in 1958 . During the course of this , Lil Nas X came out as gay , becoming the only artist to do so while having a number one record . Following the success of Old Town Road , Lil Nas X signed with Columbia Records to release his debut extended play EP 7 2019 , which spawned two follow up singles Panini and Rodeo featuring Cardi B or Nas ; the former peaked at number five while the latter peaked at number 22 on the Billboard Hot 100 . His debut studio album , Montero 2021 was supported by the chart topping singles Montero Call Me by Your Name and Industry Baby featuring Jack Harlow , along with the top ten single Thats What I Want ,
Nicolas Kim Coppola born January 7 , 1964 , known by his stage name Nicolas Cage , is an American actor and film producer . He is the recipient of various accolades , including an Academy Award , a Screen Actors Guild Award , and a Golden Globe Award as well as nominations for two BAFTA Awards . Known for his versatility as an actor , his participation in various film genres has gained him a cult following . Born into the Coppola family , Cage began his career in films such as Fast Times at Ridgemont High 1982 and Valley Girl 1983 , as well various films by his uncle Francis Ford Coppola such as Rumble Fish 1983 , The Cotton Club 1984 , and Peggy Sue Got Married 1986 . He received critical success for his roles in Moonstruck 1987 and Raising Arizona 1987 , before earning an Academy Award for Best Actor for the dramatic film Leaving Las Vegas 1995 . He was Oscar nominated for playing twins Charlie and Donald Kaufman in the comedy drama film Adaptation 2002 . Cage established himself in mainstream action films , such as The Rock 1996 , Con Air 1997
The Amrit Bharat Express is a superfast express service operated by Indian Railways . It is a non air conditioned , low cost , sleeper cum unreserved service connecting cities that are more than 800 km 500 mi apart or take more than ten hours to travel with existing services . The trainset consists of two locomotives , one on either side and 22 coaches with a maximum operating speed of 110 130 km h 68 81 mph . The train entered commercial service on 1 January 2024 . History In July 2023 , Indian railways announced plans for a non air conditioned train with sleeper and general facilities for long distance travel . The trainsets are manufactured by Integral Coach Factory , Chennai at the cost of 65 crore US 8 . 1 million per trainset . The first train was flagged off on 30 December 2023 and entered commercial service on 1 January 2024 . Services On 30 December 2023 , the train was flagged off by then Prime Minister Narendra Modi from Ayodhya Dham Junction . The first commercial service commenced on 1 January 2024 . See also Superfast Express trains in India Vande Bharat Express Vande
The Pirate Bay sometimes abbreviated as TPB is an online index of digital content of entertainment media and software . Founded in 2003 by Swedish think tank Piratbyrån , The Pirate Bay allows visitors to search , download , and contribute magnet links and torrent files , which facilitate peer to peer , file sharing among users of the BitTorrent protocol . The Pirate Bay has sparked controversies and discussion about legal aspects of file sharing , copyright , and civil liberties and has become a platform for political initiatives against established intellectual property laws as well as a central figure in an anti copyright movement . The website has faced several shutdowns and domain seizures , switching to a series of new web addresses to continue operating . In April 2009 , the website s founders Peter Sunde , Fredrik Neij , and Gottfrid Svartholm were found guilty in the Pirate Bay trial in Sweden for assisting in copyright infringement and were sentenced to serve one year in prison and pay a fine . In some countries , Internet service providers ISPs have been ordered to block access to the website . Subsequently , proxy websites have been providing
Money Heist Spanish La casa de papel , la ˈkasa ðe paˈpel , lit . The House of Paper is a Spanish heist crime drama television series created by Álex Pina . The series traces two long prepared heists led by the Professor Álvaro Morte , one on the Royal Mint of Spain , and one on the Bank of Spain , told from the perspective of one of the robbers , Tokyo Úrsula Corberó . The story is told in a real time like fashion and relies on an unreliable narrator , flashbacks , time jumps and hidden character motivations for complexity . The series was initially intended as a limited series to be told in two parts . It had its original run of 15 episodes on Spanish network Antena 3 from 2 May 2017 through 23 November 2017 . Netflix acquired global streaming rights in late 2017 . It re cut the series into 22 shorter episodes and released them worldwide , beginning with the first part on 20 December 2017 , followed by the second part on 6 April 2018 . In April 2018 , Netflix renewed the series with a significantly increased budget for 16
Ryan Rodney Reynolds born October 23 , 1976 is a Canadian and American actor , producer and businessman . He began his career starring in the Canadian teen soap opera Hillside 1991 1993 , and had minor roles before landing the lead role on the sitcom Two Guys and a Girl between 1998 and 2001 . Reynolds then starred in a range of films , including comedies such as National Lampoon s Van Wilder 2002 , Waiting . . . 2005 , and The Proposal 2009 . He also performed in dramatic roles in Buried 2010 , Woman in Gold 2015 , and Life 2017 . He starred in action films such as Blade Trinity 2004 , Green Lantern 2011 , 6 Underground 2019 , Free Guy 2021 , and The Adam Project 2022 , and provided voice acting in the animated features The Croods film series 2013 2020 , Turbo 2013 , and Pokémon Detective Pikachu 2019 . Reynolds s biggest commercial success came with the 20th Century Fox X Men films Deadpool 2016 and Deadpool 2 2018 , in which he played the title character . The former set numerous records at the time of its release for
LeBron Raymone James Sr . lə BRON ; born December 30 , 1984 is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association NBA . Nicknamed King James , he is widely recognized as one of the greatest players in the history of the sport and is often compared to Michael Jordan in debates over the greatest basketball player of all time . He has competed in 10 NBA Finals with eight consecutive appearances from 2011 to 2018 , winning four NBA championships . He also won the inaugural NBA Cup in 2023 with the Lakers , and two Olympic gold medals as a member of the U . S . men s national team . Individually , James is the all time leading scorer in NBA history and ranks fourth in career assists , has won four Most Valuable Player MVP Awards , four Finals MVP Awards , three All Star Game MVP Awards , and was named the inaugural NBA Cup MVP . He has been named an All Star a record 20 times , selected to the All NBA Team 19 times including 13 First Team selections and the All Defensive
The Fukushima nuclear accident was a major nuclear accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Ōkuma , Fukushima , Japan which began on March 11 , 2011 . The proximate cause of the accident was the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami , which resulted in electrical grid failure and damaged nearly all of the power plant s backup energy sources . The subsequent inability to sufficiently cool reactors after shutdown compromised containment and resulted in the release of radioactive contaminants into the surrounding environment . The accident was rated seven the maximum severity on the INES by NISA , following a report by the JNES Japan Nuclear Energy Safety Organization . No adverse health effects among Fukushima residents or power station workers have been documented that are directly attributable to radiation exposure from the accident , according to the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation . 106 . Insurance compensation was paid for one death from lung cancer , but this does not prove a causal relationship between radiation and the cancer . 6 other persons have been reported as having developed cancer or leukemia . 2 workers were hospitalized because of radiation burns
Maurizio Gucci 26 September 1948 27 March 1995 was an Italian businessman and the one time head of the Gucci fashion house . He was the son of actor Rodolfo Gucci , and grandson of the company s founder Guccio Gucci . On 27 March 1995 he was assassinated by a hitman hired by his former wife Patrizia Reggiani . Early life and career Maurizio Gucci was born on 26 September 1948 in Florence as the only child of actors Rodolfo Gucci and Sandra Ravel . In 1972 , Gucci moved to New York City to work for the Gucci company with his uncle Aldo Gucci . In the early 1980s , he lived in a luxury penthouse in the Olympic Tower , gifted to him by his father . In 1982 , he moved back to Milan , and in 1983 , launched a legal battle against Aldo for control over Gucci after becoming the majority shareholder following his father s death . In 1986 , Gucci fled to Switzerland to avoid prosecution after Aldo , seeking revenge , had accused him of forging his father s signature to avoid paying inheritance taxes . He was originally found guilty
Jawan transl . Soldier is a 2023 Indian Hindi language action thriller film co written and directed by Atlee in his Hindi film debut . It is produced by Gauri Khan and Gaurav Verma under Red Chillies Entertainment . The film stars Shah Rukh Khan in a dual role as father and son who team up to rectify corruption in society . Nayanthara , Vijay Sethupathi , Deepika Padukone billed as a special appearance , Priyamani and Sanya Malhotra appear in supporting roles . Principal photography commenced in September 2021 with filming taking place in Pune , Mumbai , Hyderabad , Chennai , Rajasthan and Aurangabad . The film s soundtrack and background score were composed by Anirudh Ravichander , with cinematography by G . K . Vishnu and editing by Ruben . A few scenes were simultaneously re shot for the Tamil version of the film , particularly Khan s appearance in the song Zinda Banda Vandha Edam in Tamil , Sethupathi s portions and scenes featuring Yogi Babu . Jawan was initially planned for release on 2 June 2023 , but was postponed due to unfinished post production work . It was theatrically released on 7 September 2023
Catherine , Princess of Wales , born Catherine Elizabeth Middleton ; 9 January 1982 is a member of the British royal family . She is married to William , Prince of Wales , heir apparent to the British throne . Born in Reading , Catherine grew up in Bucklebury , Berkshire . She was educated at St Andrew s School and Marlborough College before studying art history at the University of St Andrews in Scotland , where she met Prince William in 2001 . She held several jobs in retail and marketing and pursued charity work before their engagement was announced in November 2010 . They married on 29 April 2011 at Westminster Abbey . The couple have three children George , Charlotte , and Louis . Catherine holds patronage with over 20 charitable and military organisations including the Anna Freud Centre , Action for Children , SportsAid , and the National Portrait Gallery . She undertakes projects through the Royal Foundation , with her charity work focusing on issues surrounding early childhood care , addiction , and art . To encourage people to discuss their mental health problems , Catherine envisioned the mental health awareness campaign Heads Together ,
Emad El Din Mohamed Abdel Mena em Fayed ; 15 April 1955 31 August 1997 , commonly known as Dodi Fayed , was an Egyptian film producer and the eldest child of the businessman Mohamed Al Fayed . He was romantically involved with Diana , Princess of Wales , when they both died in a car crash in Paris on 31 August 1997 . Date of birth Most sources state that Fayed was born on 15 April 1955 . This is also the date that appears on his gravestone . However , since 2022 , some sources have stated that he was born on 17 April . Early life and education Fayed was born in Alexandria , Egypt , the eldest child of Mohamed Al Fayed 1929 2023 , who was to later become the owner of Harrods department store , Fulham Football Club , and the Hôtel Ritz Paris . Fayed s mother was Saudi author of Turkish descent , Samira Khashoggi 1935 1986 , daughter of Muhammad Khashoggi and sister of Saudi billionaire arms dealer Adnan Khashoggi . He was a first cousin of the late Washington Post Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi , who was assassinated in the
Alborz Persian البرز is an Alvand class frigate , Vosper Mark V , of the Islamic Republic of Iran Navy . It was supplied to pre revolutionary Iran s Imperial Iranian Navy by Great Britain , dates back to the time of the Shah of Iran , and was launched in 1969 . History 1968 1999 Alborz is an Alvand class frigate based on the Vosper Mark 5 design of the Islamic Republic of Iran Navy . It was supplied to pre revolutionary Iran s Imperial Iranian Navy by the United Kingdom during the time of the Shah of Iran . The ship was originally called Zaal , named after Zaal , a mythical warrior of ancient Iran and an important character in Ferdowsi s epic poem Shahnameh . After the 1979 Islamic Revolution it was renamed Alborz , after the Iranian Alborz mountain range . Alborz was laid down on 3 March 1968 , launched on 4 March 1969 , and commissioned on 1 March 1971 . She completed her refit on 15 May 1977 at Portsmouth , England . On 1 June 1987 Alborz stopped a Cypriot large bulk carrier Vevey , and searched it for possible war
The 2024 ICC Men s T20 World Cup will be the ninth edition of the T20 World Cup , a biennial Twenty20 International T20I tournament contested by men s national teams and organised by the International Cricket Council ICC . It is scheduled to be co hosted by the West Indies and the United States from 1 June to 29 June 2024 . It will be the first ICC World Cup tournament to feature matches played in the United States , and in any other country other than the West Indies in the Americas . England are the defending champions , having defeated Pakistan in the final of the previous edition . The tournament will be contested by a record 20 teams , an expansion from 16 teams at the 2022 tournament and with 55 matches to be played it will be the biggest cricket tournament that the ICC has ever held . In addition to the two hosts , the top eight teams from the previous tournament automatically qualified , as did the next two teams in the ICC Men s T20I Team Rankings . The remaining eight teams were decided via a regional qualification process ; Canada and
On 24 February 2022 , Russia invaded Ukraine in an escalation of the Russo Ukrainian War that started in 2014 . The invasion became the largest attack on a European country since World War II . It is estimated to have caused tens of thousands of Ukrainian civilian casualties and hundreds of thousands of military casualties . By June 2022 , Russian troops occupied about 20 of Ukrainian territory . From a population of 41 million in January 2022 , about 8 million Ukrainians had been internally displaced and more than 8 . 2 million had fled the country by April 2023 , creating Europe s largest refugee crisis since World War II . Extensive environmental damage caused by the war , widely described as an ecocide , contributed to food crises worldwide . Before the invasion , Russian troops massed near Ukraine s borders as Russian officials denied any plans to attack . Russian president Vladimir Putin announced a special military operation to support the Russian backed breakaway republics of Donetsk and Luhansk , whose paramilitary forces had been fighting Ukraine in the Donbas conflict since 2014 . Putin espoused irredentist views challenging Ukraine s right to exist ,
Katherine Vissering Kitty Oppenheimer née Puening ; August 8 , 1910 October 27 , 1972 was a German American biologist , botanist , and a member of the Communist Party of America until leaving in the 1930s . Her husbands were Frank Ramseyer , Joe Dallet , Richard Stewart Harrison , and physicist J . Robert Oppenheimer , the director of the Manhattan Project s Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II . Early life Katherine Vissering Kitty Puening was born in Recklinghausen , Westphalia , Prussia , Germany , on August 8 , 1910 , the only child of Franz Puening and Käthe Vissering . Although she claimed that her father was a prince and that her mother was related to Queen Victoria , these claims were untrue . Her mother was , in fact , a cousin of Wilhelm Keitel , who later became a field marshal in the German Army during World War II , and was hanged in 1946 . Puening arrived in the United States on May 14 , 1913 , aboard the SS Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse . Her father , a metallurgical engineer , had invented a new kind of blast furnace ,
Mark Robert Michael Wahlberg born June 5 , 1971 , formerly known by his stage name Marky Mark , is an American actor . His work as a leading man spans the comedy , drama , and action genres . He has received multiple accolades , including a BAFTA Award , and nominations for two Academy Awards , three Golden Globe Awards , nine Primetime Emmy Awards , and three Screen Actors Guild Awards . Wahlberg was born in Boston , Massachusetts . As a youth , he was involved in a number of violent and racially motivated attacks . He gained notability as a member of the hip hop group Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch in the 1990s , with whom he released the albums Music for the People 1991 and You Gotta Believe 1992 . Wahlberg made his screen debut in Renaissance Man 1994 and had his first starring role in Fear 1996 . He received critical praise for his performance as porn actor Dirk Diggler in Boogie Nights 1997 . In the early 2000s , Wahlberg ventured into big budget action movies , such as The Perfect Storm 2000 , Planet of the Apes 2001 ,
James Bond is a fictional character created by British novelist Ian Fleming in 1953 . A British secret agent working for MI6 under the codename 007 , Bond has been portrayed on film in twenty seven productions by actors Sean Connery , David Niven , George Lazenby , Roger Moore , Timothy Dalton , Pierce Brosnan and Daniel Craig . Eon Productions , which now holds the adaptation rights to all of Fleming s Bond novels , made all but two films in the film series . In 1961 , producers Albert R . Broccoli and Harry Saltzman purchased the filming rights to Fleming s novels . They founded Eon Productions and , with financial backing by United Artists , produced Dr . No , directed by Terence Young and featuring Connery as Bond . Following its release in 1962 , Broccoli and Saltzman created the holding company Danjaq to ensure future productions in the James Bond film series . The Eon series currently has twenty five films , with the most recent , No Time to Die , released in September 2021 . With a combined gross of 7 . 8 billion to date , it is the fifth
Christopher Daniel Duntsch born April 3 , 1971 is a former American neurosurgeon who has been nicknamed Dr . D . and Dr . Death for gross malpractice resulting in the maiming of many patients spines and two deaths while working at hospitals in the Dallas Fort Worth metroplex . Duntsch was accused of injuring 33 out of 38 patients in less than two years before his license was revoked by the Texas Medical Board . In 2017 , he was convicted of maiming one of his patients and sentenced to life imprisonment . Early life Christopher Duntsch was born in Montana and spent most of his youth in Memphis , Tennessee . His father , Donald , was a physical therapist and Christian missionary , and his mother , Susan , was a schoolteacher . He was the oldest of four ; he has two brothers , Nathan and Matt , and a sister , Liz . He is a graduate of Evangelical Christian School in the Cordova suburb of Memphis , where he was a star football player . Duntsch initially attended Millsaps College to play Division III college football , and later transferred to Division I Colorado
Kiribati KIRR ih BASS , officially the Republic of Kiribati Gilbertese Ribaberiki Kiribati , is an island country in the Micronesia subregion of Oceania in the central Pacific Ocean . Its permanent population is over 119 , 000 as of the 2020 census , with more than half living on Tarawa atoll . The state comprises 32 atolls and one remote raised coral island , Banaba . Its total land area is 811 km2 313 sq mi dispersed over 3 , 441 , 810 km2 1 , 328 , 890 sq mi of ocean . The islands spread straddles the equator and the 180th meridian , although the International Date Line goes around Kiribati and swings far to the east , almost reaching 150 W . This brings Kiribati s easternmost islands , the southern Line Islands south of Hawaii , into the same day as the Gilbert Islands and places them in the most advanced time zone on Earth UTC 14 . Kiribati gained its independence from the United Kingdom , becoming a sovereign state in 1979 . The capital , South Tarawa , now the most populated area , consists of a number of islets , connected by
The 2024 NHL Winter Classic was an outdoor regular season National Hockey League NHL game , part of the Winter Classic series , at T Mobile Park in Seattle , Washington . The game was played on January 1 , 2024 , between the two most recent NHL expansion teams hosts Seattle Kraken and the defending Stanley Cup champion Vegas Golden Knights . The Kraken won 3 0 and became the first team to earn a shutout in a Winter Classic . Background The league announced the game on January 2 , 2023 , before the start of the previous season s Winter Classic . This was the first Winter Classic held in the Pacific Time Zone , as well as Seattle s first outdoor game . Vegas previously appeared in the 2021 NHL Outdoors at Lake Tahoe . This was also the first Winter Classic to take place in a stadium with a retractable roof . Due to Seattle s rainy climate that may have affected ice conditions , organizers planned on closing T Mobile Park s retractable roof in case of heavy rainfall . This could have resulted in the first indoor Winter Classic , and the first
A tsunami t soo NAH mee , t suu ; from Japanese 津波 , lit . harbour wave , pronounced tsɯnami is a series of waves in a water body caused by the displacement of a large volume of water , generally in an ocean or a large lake . Earthquakes , volcanic eruptions and other underwater explosions including detonations , landslides , glacier calvings , meteorite impacts and other disturbances above or below water all have the potential to generate a tsunami . Unlike normal ocean waves , which are generated by wind , or tides , which are in turn generated by the gravitational pull of the Moon and the Sun , a tsunami is generated by the displacement of water from a large event . Tsunami waves do not resemble normal undersea currents or sea waves because their wavelength is far longer . Rather than appearing as a breaking wave , a tsunami may instead initially resemble a rapidly rising tide . For this reason , it is often referred to as a tidal wave , although this usage is not favoured by the scientific community because it might give the false impression of a causal relationship
Philip Douglas Taylor born 13 August 1960 is an English former professional darts player . Nicknamed The Power , he dominated darts for over three decades and won 214 professional tournaments , including a record 85 major titles and a record 16 World Championships . In 2015 , the BBC rated Taylor among the ten greatest British sportsmen of the last 35 years . Taylor won eight consecutive World Championships from 1995 to 2002 , reached 14 consecutive finals from 1994 to 2007 and reached 21 world finals overall , all of which are records . He held the world number one ranking for thirteen years in total , including eight in a row from 2006 to 2013 . He won 70 PDC Pro Tour events , which was a record until Michael van Gerwen passed it in February 2019 . Taylor hit a record 11 televised nine dart finishes and 22 overall . He was also the first person to hit two nine dart finishes in the same match . Taylor played in competitions organised by the British Darts Organisation BDO until 1993 . Amidst growing disenchantment with the BDO , he was among 16 top players who broke
Edward VIII Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David ; 23 June 1894 28 May 1972 , later known as the Duke of Windsor , was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Empire , and Emperor of India , from 20 January 1936 until his abdication in December of the same year . Edward was born during the reign of his great grandmother Queen Victoria as the eldest child of the Duke and Duchess of York , later King George V and Queen Mary . He was created Prince of Wales on his 16th birthday , seven weeks after his father succeeded as king . As a young man , Edward served in the British Army during the First World War and undertook several overseas tours on behalf of his father . The Prince of Wales gained popularity due to his charm and charisma , and his fashion sense became a hallmark of the era . After the war , his conduct began to give cause for concern ; he engaged in a series of sexual affairs that worried both his father and the British prime minister , Stanley Baldwin . Upon his father s
Lanark , subtitled A Life in Four Books , is the first novel of Scottish writer Alasdair Gray . Written over a period of almost thirty years , it combines realist and dystopian surrealist depictions of his home city of Glasgow . Its publication in 1981 prompted Anthony Burgess to call Gray the best Scottish novelist since Walter Scott . Lanark won the inaugural Saltire Society Book of the Year award in 1982 , and was also named Scottish Arts Council Book of the Year . The book , still his best known , has since become a cult classic . In 2008 , The Guardian heralded Lanark as one of the landmarks of 20th century fiction . Plot summary Lanark comprises four books , arranged in the order Three , One , Two , Four there is also a Prologue before Book One , and an Epilogue four chapters before the end of the book . In the Epilogue , the author explains this by saying that I want Lanark to be read in one order but eventually thought of in another , and that the epilogue itself is too important to go at the end . 483 In
The College Football Playoff CFP is an annual postseason knockout invitational tournament to determine a national champion for the National Collegiate Athletic Association NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision FBS , the highest level of college football competition in the United States . It culminates in the College Football Playoff National Championship game . The inaugural tournament was held at the end of the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season under a four team format . The CFP expands to include twelve teams for the 2024 season . As the NCAA does not organize or award an official national championship for FBS football instead merely recognizing the decisions made by any of a number of independent major championship selectors , the CFP s inception in 2014 marked the first time a major national championship selector in college football was able to determine their champion by using a bracket competition . A 13 member committee selects and seeds the teams to take part in the CFP . This system differs from the use of polls or computer rankings that had previously been used to select the participants for the Bowl Championship Series BCS , the title system used in FBS
The cat Felis catus , commonly referred to as the domestic cat or house cat , is the only domesticated species in the family Felidae . Recent advances in archaeology and genetics have shown that the domestication of the cat occurred in the Near East around 7500 BC . It is commonly kept as a house pet and farm cat , but also ranges freely as a feral cat avoiding human contact . It is valued by humans for companionship and its ability to kill vermin . Because of its retractable claws , it is adapted to killing small prey like mice and rats . It has a strong , flexible body , quick reflexes , sharp teeth , and its night vision and sense of smell are well developed . It is a social species , but a solitary hunter and a crepuscular predator . Cat communication includes vocalizations like meowing , purring , trilling , hissing , growling , and grunting as well as cat body language . It can hear sounds too faint or too high in frequency for human ears , such as those made by small mammals . It also secretes and perceives pheromones .
Victoria Alexandrina Victoria ; 24 May 1819 22 January 1901 was Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 June 1837 until her death in 1901 . Her reign of 63 years and 216 days , which was longer than those of any of her predecessors , is known as the Victorian era . It was a period of industrial , political , scientific , and military change within the United Kingdom , and was marked by a great expansion of the British Empire . In 1876 , the British Parliament voted to grant her the additional title of Empress of India . Victoria was the daughter of Prince Edward , Duke of Kent and Strathearn the fourth son of King George III , and Princess Victoria of Saxe Coburg Saalfeld . After the deaths of her father and grandfather in 1820 , she was raised under close supervision by her mother and her comptroller , John Conroy . She inherited the throne aged 18 after her father s three elder brothers died without surviving legitimate issue . Victoria , a constitutional monarch , attempted privately to influence government policy and ministerial appointments ; publicly ,
Leo also marketed as Leo Bloody Sweet is a 2023 Indian Tamil language action thriller film directed by Lokesh Kanagaraj and produced by Seven Screen Studio . The film stars Vijay in the titular role , alongside Sanjay Dutt , Arjun Sarja , Trisha , Gautham Vasudev Menon , Mysskin , Madonna Sebastian , George Maryan , Mansoor Ali Khan , Priya Anand and Mathew Thomas . It is the third instalment in the Lokesh Cinematic Universe and is inspired by A History of Violence . The film follows Parthi , a café owner and animal rescuer in Theog , who is pursued by gangsters Antony and Harold Das who suspect him to be Antony s estranged son , Leo . The film was officially announced in January 2023 under the tentative title Thalapathy 67 , as it is Vijay s 67th film as a lead actor , and the official title was announced a few days later . Principal photography commenced the same month in Chennai along with a sporadic schedule in Kashmir , which was again followed by another schedule held at the former location , and wrapped by mid July . The film has music composed by
Clinton Eastwood Jr . born May 31 , 1930 is an American actor and film director . After achieving success in the Western TV series Rawhide , Eastwood rose to international fame with his role as the Man with No Name in Sergio Leone s Dollars Trilogy of spaghetti Westerns during the mid 1960s and as antihero cop Harry Callahan in the five Dirty Harry films throughout the 1970s and 1980s . These roles , among others , have made Eastwood an enduring cultural icon of masculinity . Elected in 1986 , Eastwood served for two years as the mayor of Carmel by the Sea , California . Eastwood s greatest commercial successes are the adventure comedy Every Which Way but Loose 1978 and its action comedy sequel Any Which Way You Can 1980 . Other popular Eastwood films include the Westerns Hang Em High 1968 , The Outlaw Josey Wales 1976 and Pale Rider 1985 , the action war film Where Eagles Dare 1968 , the prison film Escape from Alcatraz 1979 , the war film Heartbreak Ridge 1986 , the action film In the Line of Fire 1993 , and the romantic drama The Bridges of Madison County
Chaturbate is a pornographic website providing live webcam performances by individual webcam models and couples , typically featuring nudity and sexual activity ranging from striptease and erotic talk to more explicit sexual acts such as masturbation with sex toys . The site is divided into six categories female cams , male cams , couple cams , transgender cams , private shows and spy shows . The gender specific categories are free to watch but viewers have to pay to join a private show . Spy shows are private shows where viewers do not interact , and hence they are cheaper to view than private shows . As of April 2022 , Chaturbate was the 57th most popular website in the world and the fifth most popular pornographic site . Concept Chaturbate is a portmanteau of chat and masturbate . Viewers are allowed to watch for free with the exception of private shows , but pay money in the form of tips in order to see certain sex acts performed . Models can synchronize remote controlled vibrators and other sex toys so that they can be activated when tipped and the frequencies affected by the amount of tips given , with
Elvis is a 2022 epic biographical drama film co produced and directed by Baz Luhrmann , who co wrote the screenplay with Sam Bromell , Craig Pearce , and Jeremy Doner . It chronicles the life of the American rock and roll singer and actor Elvis Presley under the management of Colonel Tom Parker . It stars Austin Butler and Tom Hanks as Presley and Parker , respectively , with Olivia DeJonge , Helen Thomson , Richard Roxburgh , David Wenham , Kodi Smit McPhee , and Luke Bracey in supporting roles . A biographical film about Elvis Presley was first announced in 2014 , with Luhrmann set to direct , but the project languished in development hell until early 2019 , when Hanks joined the film . Butler was cast in the title role that July , beating out several other actors including Miles Teller and Harry Styles . Filming began in Australia in January 2020 but was put on hiatus in March after Hanks tested positive for COVID 19 at the onset of the pandemic . Production resumed in September , wrapping in March 2021 . Elvis premiered at the Cannes Film Festival on May 25 , 2022
Spider Man Across the Spider Verse is a 2023 American animated superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Miles Morales Spider Man , produced by Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation in association with Marvel Entertainment , and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing . It is the sequel to Spider Man Into the Spider Verse 2018 , set in a shared multiverse of alternate universes called the Spider Verse . The film is directed by Joaquim Dos Santos , Kemp Powers and Justin K . Thompson and written by Phil Lord , Christopher Miller , who both also produce , and David Callaham . Shameik Moore voices Miles , starring alongside Hailee Steinfeld , Brian Tyree Henry , Lauren Vélez , Jake Johnson , Jason Schwartzman , Issa Rae , Karan Soni , Shea Whigham , Greta Lee , Daniel Kaluuya , Mahershala Ali and Oscar Isaac . In the film , Miles goes on an adventure with Gwen Stacy Spider Woman across the Multiverse , where he meets a team of Spider People led by Miguel O Hara Spider Man 2099 known as the Spider Society , but comes into conflict with them over handling a new threat in
James Stephen Jimmy Donaldson born May 7 , 1998 , better known by his online alias MrBeast , is an American YouTuber , online personality , entrepreneur , and philanthropist . He is known for his fast paced and high production videos , which feature elaborate challenges and large giveaways . With over 245 million subscribers , he is the most subscribed individual on YouTube and the second most subscribed channel overall . Donaldson grew up in Greenville , North Carolina . He began posting videos to YouTube in early 2012 , at the age of 13 , under the handle MrBeast6000 . His early content ranged from Let s Plays to videos estimating the wealth of other YouTubers . He went viral in 2017 after his counting to 100 , 000 video earned tens of thousands of views in just a few days , and he has become increasingly popular ever since , with most of his videos gaining tens of millions of views . His videos became increasingly grand and extravagant . Once his channel took off , Donaldson hired some of his childhood friends to co run the brand . As of 2023 , the MrBeast team
The 2024 Rose Bowl was a college football bowl game played on January 1 , 2024 , at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California . The 110th annual Rose Bowl was one of the semifinals of the 2023 24 College Football Playoff CFP and featured two of the four teams selected by the CFP Selection Committee the fourth ranked Alabama Crimson Tide of the SEC and the first ranked Michigan Wolverines of the Big Ten . Michigan won the game 27 20 , shortly after Blake Corum s 17 yard touchdown run in overtime , and stopping Alabama on downs . Michigan advanced to face the winner of the Sugar Bowl , the Washington Huskies , in the CFP National Championship game on January 8 . With 27 . 2 million viewers on ESPN , the 2024 Rose Bowl was the most viewed College Football Playoff semifinal game since 2014 , as well as one of the top ten cable telecasts of all time . The Rose Bowl was one of the 2023 24 bowl games concluding the 2023 FBS football season . The game began at approximately 2 00 p . m . PST and was aired on
Heather Michele O Rourke December 27 , 1975 February 1 , 1988 was an American child actress . She had her breakthrough starring as Carol Anne Freeling in the supernatural horror film Poltergeist 1982 , which received critical acclaim and established her as an influential figure in the genre . She went on to reprise the role in Poltergeist II The Other Side 1986 and Poltergeist III 1988 , the last of which was released posthumously . O Rourke also worked in television , appearing in the recurring roles of Heather Pfister on the comedy series Happy Days 1982 1983 and Melanie in the sitcom Webster 1983 , as well as starring as Sarah Brogan in the television film Surviving A Family in Crisis 1985 . Throughout her career , O Rourke was nominated for six Young Artist Awards , winning once for her role in Webster . On February 1 , 1988 , O Rourke died following two cardiac arrests , her cause of death later being ruled as congenital stenosis of the intestine complicated by septic shock . Early life Heather Michele O Rourke was born on December 27 , 1975 , in San Diego , to Kathleen
Jacob Christopher Browning born April 11 , 1996 is an American football quarterback for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League NFL . He played college football for the Washington Huskies and signed with the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2019 . Early years Browning attended Folsom High School in Folsom , California . At Folsom , Browning had a 4 . 0 grade point average and set national and state high school records . In 46 games , he completed 1 , 191 of 1 , 708 attempts for 16 , 775 yards and 229 touchdowns , all California records . The 229 touchdowns also broke the national record held by Maty Mauk . As a senior , he threw for a national record 91 touchdown passes . He also passed for a California record of 5 , 790 yards , which broke his record from his junior year . Browning was the Gatorade Football Player of the Year during his junior and senior years . Browning was rated as a four star recruit by Rivals . com and was ranked as the third best pro style recruit in his class . He committed to
The Marvel Cinematic Universe MCU films are a series of American superhero films produced by Marvel Studios based on characters that appear in publications by Marvel Comics . The MCU is the shared universe in which all of the films are set . The films have been in production since 2007 , and in that time Marvel Studios has produced and released 33 films , with at least 11 more in various stages of development . It is the highest grossing film franchise of all time , having grossed over 29 . 8 billion at the global box office . This includes Avengers Endgame , which became the highest grossing film of all time at the time of its release . Kevin Feige has produced every film in the series , alongside Avi Arad for the first two releases , Gale Anne Hurd for The Incredible Hulk , Amy Pascal for the Spider Man films , Stephen Broussard for Ant Man and the Wasp and Ant Man and the Wasp Quantumania , Jonathan Schwartz for Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings , Nate Moore for Eternals , Black Panther Wakanda Forever , and Captain America Brave New
Megan Ann Moroney born October 9 , 1997 is an American country music singer from Douglasville , Georgia . She charted her first single , Tennessee Orange , in 2022 . Her debut album Lucky was released in May 2023 , reaching the top 40 of the Billboard 200 . Biography Moroney was born October 9 , 1997 , in Savannah , Georgia . She began listening to country music in her childhood and learned to play piano . Moroney went to Robert S . Alexander High School and participated in theater . While attending the University of Georgia , she opened at a concert for Chase Rice , as well as interned for Kristian Bush of Sugarland . Megan now writes co writes all of her own music . At the university , she was in the Kappa Delta sorority . After completing her degree , she moved to Nashville , Tennessee , in 2020 to begin a music career . She kept in contact with Bush , which led to him introducing her to other songwriters . She released her first single Wonder in 2021 , which in turn led to her releasing an extended play titled Pistol
Céline Marie Claudette Dion say LEEN dee ON ; born 30 March 1968 is a Canadian singer . Referred to as the Queen of Power Ballads , she is noted for her powerful and technically skilled vocals . Her music has incorporated genres such as pop , rock , R B , gospel , and classical music . Her recordings have been mainly in English and French , although she has also sung in Spanish , Italian , German , Latin , Japanese , and Chinese . Born into a large family in Charlemagne , Quebec , Dion was discovered by her future manager and husband René Angélil , and emerged as a teen star in her home country with a series of French language albums during the 1980s . She gained international recognition by winning the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest , where she represented Switzerland with Ne partez pas sans moi . Her debut English language album , Unison 1990 , established her as a viable pop artist primarily in North America and several English speaking markets , while The Colour of My Love 1993 gave her global superstardom . Dion continued her success throughout the 1990s with several
John Franklin Candy October 31 , 1950 March 4 , 1994 was a Canadian actor and comedian who is best known for his work in Hollywood films . Candy first rose to national prominence in the 1970s as a member of the Toronto branch of the Second City and its SCTV sketch comedy series . He rose to international fame in the 1980s with his roles in comedic films such as Stripes , Splash , Brewster s Millions , Planes , Trains and Automobiles , Spaceballs , The Great Outdoors , Uncle Buck , and Cool Runnings . He also appeared in supporting roles in The Blues Brothers , National Lampoon s Vacation , Little Shop of Horrors , and Home Alone , and featured in dramatic roles in Only the Lonely and JFK . In addition to his work as an actor , Candy was a co owner of the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League CFL , and the team won the 1991 Grey Cup under his ownership . He died in 1994 at the age of 43 . His final two film appearances , Wagons East and Canadian Bacon , are dedicated to his memory .
Harlan Coben born c . 1962 is an American writer of mystery novels and thrillers . The plots of his novels often involve the resurfacing of unresolved or misinterpreted events in the past , murders , or fatal accidents and have multiple twists . Nine of his novels have been adapted into Netflix series . Coben has won an Edgar Award , a Shamus Award , and an Anthony Award the first author to receive all three . His books have been translated into 43 languages and sold over 60 million copies . Early life and education Coben was born into a Jewish family in Newark , New Jersey , and was raised in Livingston , where he graduated from Livingston High School , with his childhood friend , future governor Chris Christie . He studied political science at Amherst College , where he was a member of the Psi Upsilon fraternity , along with Dan Brown . Coben was in his senior year at college when he realized he wanted to write . Career After graduating in 1984 , Coben worked in the travel industry , in a company owned by his grandfather . It was during that time
Manchester United Football Club , commonly referred to as Man United often stylised as Man Utd , or simply United , is a professional football club based in Old Trafford , Greater Manchester , England . The club competes in the Premier League , the top division in the English football league system . Nicknamed the Red Devils , they were founded as Newton Heath LYR Football Club in 1878 , but changed their name to Manchester United in 1902 . After a spell playing in Clayton , Manchester , the club moved to their current stadium , Old Trafford , in 1910 . Domestically , Manchester United have won a record 20 top flight league titles , 12 FA Cups , 6 League Cups and a record 21 FA Community Shields . In international football , they have won the European Cup UEFA Champions League three times , and the UEFA Europa League , the UEFA Cup Winners Cup , the UEFA Super Cup , the Intercontinental Cup and the FIFA Club World Cup once each . In 1968 , under the management of Matt Busby , 10 years after eight of the club s players were killed in
The Boys in the Boat is a 2023 American biographical sports drama film produced and directed by George Clooney from a screenplay by Mark L . Smith , based on the 2013 book of the same name by Daniel James Brown . The film follows the University of Washington rowing team , and their quest to compete in the 1936 Summer Olympics . It stars Joel Edgerton as coach Al Ulbrickson Sr . and Callum Turner as rower Joe Rantz . The Boys in the Boat had its world premiere in Los Angeles on December 11 , 2023 , and was theatrically released by Amazon MGM Studios Distribution in the United States on December 25 . It has grossed 55 million and received mixed reviews from critics . Plot An elderly Joe Rantz watches his grandson rowing a fiberglass boat , thinking back to his glorious rowing days . In 1936 , young Joe Rantz is a poor engineering student at the University of Washington UW , living in an abandoned car and eating canned food , with no job and tuition due in two weeks . Fellow struggling student Roger Morris tells Joe the 8 rowing team comes with
Belcalis Marlenis Cephus née Almánzar ; born October 11 , 1992 , known professionally as Cardi B , is an American rapper . She is one of the most commercially successful female rappers of her generation . Born and raised in New York City , she first gained popularity through videos shared on Vine and Instagram . From 2015 to early 2017 , she appeared as a regular cast member on the VH1 reality television series Love Hip Hop New York , which depicted her pursuit of her music aspirations , and earned further recognition with the release of her two mixtapes Gangsta Bitch Music , Vol . 1 2016 and Vol . 2 2017 . Her first studio album , Invasion of Privacy 2018 , debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and was ranked the top female rap album of the 2010s by Billboard . Critically acclaimed , it made Cardi B the first female artist to win the Grammy Award for Best Rap Album as a solo artist , and marked the first female rap album in 15 years nominated for Album of the Year . It spawned two number one singles on the Billboard Hot
Christopher Barton Adkisson September 30 , 1969 September 12 , 1991 was an American professional wrestler , best known under the ring name Chris Von Erich of the Von Erich family . Early life The smallest and youngest of the Von Erich family at 5 5 and 175 pounds , Chris aspired to be a wrestler . He was the youngest son of wrestler and wrestling promoter Fritz Von Erich . His brothers , Mike , David , Kerry and Kevin all had success as wrestlers . Chris was raised with his brothers on 500 acres in Texas . He grew up working cameras and doing other odd jobs backstage for World Class Championship Wrestling WCCW . He won his first amateur wrestling match at the age of six . Professional wrestling career Chris had minor involvement in angles in the 1980s . He performed run ins to aid his brothers against The Fabulous Freebirds . Chris also smashed Buddy Roberts across the back with a chair , and tackled Gino Hernandez at the Cotton Bowl in 1985 while he was trying to escape from having his hair shaved off following a tag team loss at the hands of the
Thomas Jeffrey Hanks born July 9 , 1956 is an American actor and filmmaker . Known for both his comedic and dramatic roles , he is one of the most popular and recognizable film stars worldwide , and is regarded as an American cultural icon . Hanks films have grossed more than 4 . 9 billion in North America and more than 9 . 96 billion worldwide , making him the fourth highest grossing actor in North America . He has received numerous honors including the AFI Life Achievement Award in 2002 , the Kennedy Center Honor in 2014 , the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the French Legion of Honor both in 2016 , as well as the Golden Globe Cecil B . DeMille Award in 2020 . Hanks made his breakthrough with leading roles in a series of comedy films which received positive media attention , such as Splash 1984 , The Money Pit 1986 , Big 1988 , and A League of Their Own 1992 . He won two consecutive Academy Awards for Best Actor for starring as a gay lawyer suffering from AIDS in Philadelphia 1993 and the title character in Forrest Gump 1994 . Hanks
Chinese New Year or the Spring Festival see also Names is a festival that celebrates the beginning of a new year on the traditional lunisolar Chinese calendar . Marking the end of winter and the beginning of spring , observances traditionally take place from Chinese New Year s Eve , the evening preceding the first day of the year , to the Lantern Festival , held on the 15th day of the year . The first day of Chinese New Year begins on the new moon that appears between 21 January and 20 February . Chinese New Year is one of the most important holidays in Chinese culture . It has influenced similar celebrations in other cultures , commonly referred to collectively as Lunar New Year , such as the Losar of Tibet , the Tết of Vietnam , the Korean New Year , and the Ryukyu New Year . It is also celebrated worldwide in regions and countries that house significant Overseas Chinese or Sinophone populations , especially in Southeast Asia . These include Singapore , Brunei , Cambodia , Indonesia , Malaysia , Myanmar , the Philippines , Thailand , and Vietnam . It is also prominent beyond
Top Gun Maverick is a 2022 American action drama film directed by Joseph Kosinski and written by Ehren Kruger , Eric Warren Singer , and Christopher McQuarrie from stories by Peter Craig and Justin Marks . The film is a sequel to the 1986 film Top Gun . Tom Cruise reprises his starring role as the naval aviator Maverick . It is based on the characters of the original film created by Jim Cash and Jack Epps Jr . It also stars Miles Teller , Jennifer Connelly , Jon Hamm , Glen Powell , Monica Barbaro , Lewis Pullman , Ed Harris and Val Kilmer , who reprises his role as Iceman . The story involves Maverick confronting his past while training a group of younger Top Gun graduates , including the son of his deceased best friend , for a dangerous mission . Development of a Top Gun sequel was announced in 2010 by Paramount Pictures . Tom Cruise , along with producer Jerry Bruckheimer and director Tony Scott , were asked to return . Craig wrote a draft of the screenplay in 2012 , but the project stalled when Scott died later that year . Top Gun Maverick
John Steven Schneider born April 23 , 1962 is an American film , television and multi media producer and artists manager based in Los Angeles , California . The Pacifica , California , native made his first forays into show business when he took on the position of personal manager for his younger brother , comedian and actor Rob Schneider , and subsequently managed the San Francisco area rock band Head On . Eventually , John transitioned into producing movies such as The Hot Chick and Deuce Bigalow Male Gigolo , alongside executive producers Adam Sandler and Jack Giarraputo . John was the executive producer of Rob , a situation comedy starring Rob Schneider , which aired on the CBS television network in 2012 , and co produced the Academy Award nominated 2012 feature film Hitchcock . He also serves as the personal manager of comedian , talk show host and actor Tom Green , and creative consultant for Limp Bizkit frontman Fred Durst . Schneider produced Tom Green Live the weekly talk show hosted by Green on entrepreneur media mogul Mark Cuban s AXS TV channel and is currently engaged in program development for CBS TV , Showtime and
Penelope Claire Lancaster , Lady Stewart born 15 March 1971 is an English model and television personality . She is married to rock singer Rod Stewart . In 2014 , she joined the ITV lunchtime show Loose Women . Early life Lancaster was born in Chelmsford , Essex , England , on 15 March 1971 , to Graham and Sally and has a brother named Oliver . At the age of six , Lancaster took up dance , including tap , ballet and modern . At 16 , she gave up because of her height and decided that aerobics would better suit her frame , and six years later she became a certified fitness trainer . It was during this time that she was spotted by a model scout , who suggested she should consider a career in modelling . Lancaster suffers from a chronic sweat problem called hyperhidrosis . Career Early career Throughout the 1990s , Lancaster was in a long term relationship with city trader Mickey Sloan . They lived in Bermuda from 1996 to 1998 but separated in 1999 . Around this time , Lancaster decided to learn about the other side of modelling and began taking
Matthew Langford Perry August 19 , 1969 October 28 , 2023 was an American and Canadian actor . He gained international fame for starring as Chandler Bing on the NBC television sitcom Friends 1994 2004 . Perry also appeared on Ally McBeal 2002 and received Primetime Emmy Award nominations for his performances in The West Wing 2003 and The Ron Clark Story 2006 . He played a leading role in the NBC series Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip 2006 2007 . He also became known for his leading film roles in Fools Rush In 1997 , Almost Heroes 1998 , Three to Tango 1999 , The Whole Nine Yards 2000 , Serving Sara 2002 , The Whole Ten Yards 2004 , and 17 Again 2009 . Perry was co creator , co writer , executive producer , and star of the ABC sitcom Mr . Sunshine , which ran from February to April 2011 . In August 2012 , he starred as sportscaster Ryan King on the NBC sitcom Go On . He co developed and starred in a revival of the CBS sitcom The Odd Couple portraying Oscar Madison from 2015 to 2017 . He had recurring roles
The 2024 Royal Rumble was a professional wrestling event produced by WWE . It was the 37th annual Royal Rumble event and took place on January 27 , 2024 , at Tropicana Field in St . Petersburg , Florida . The event was broadcast via pay per view and livestreaming , and featured wrestlers from all three of WWE s brand divisions . It was the third Royal Rumble held in the Tampa Bay area following the 1995 and 2021 events , and the second at Tropicana Field after 2021 ; however , as that event was held without an audience via the ThunderDome due to the COVID 19 pandemic , this was the first Royal Rumble at the stadium to have live fans . The event is based around the Royal Rumble match , and the winner traditionally receives a world championship match at that year s WrestleMania . For the 2024 event , the men s and women s winners received a choice of which championship to challenge for at WrestleMania XL . The men s winner could choose to challenge for either Raw s World Heavyweight Championship or SmackDown s Undisputed WWE Universal Championship , while the
Fast X also known as Fast Furious 10 is a 2023 American action film directed by Louis Leterrier from a screenplay written by Dan Mazeau and Justin Lin , both of whom also co wrote the story with Zach Dean . It is the sequel to F9 2021 , the tenth main installment , and the eleventh installment overall in the Fast Furious franchise . It stars Vin Diesel as Dominic Toretto alongside an ensemble cast including Michelle Rodriguez , Tyrese Gibson , Chris Ludacris Bridges , John Cena , Nathalie Emmanuel , Jordana Brewster , Sung Kang , Scott Eastwood , Daniela Melchior , Alan Ritchson , Helen Mirren , Brie Larson , Rita Moreno , Jason Statham , Jason Momoa , and Charlize Theron . In the film , Toretto must protect his family from Dante Reyes Momoa , who seeks revenge for his father s death and the loss of his family s fortunes . With a tenth film planned since 2014 and a two part finale planned since October 2020 , Lin was confirmed to return to direct with the main cast attached . The film s official title was revealed when principal photography began in
Super Bowl LVIII was an American football game played to determine the champion of the National Football League NFL for the 2023 season . In a rematch of Super Bowl LIV from four years earlier , the American Football Conference AFC champion and defending Super Bowl champion Kansas City Chiefs defeated the National Football Conference NFC champion San Francisco 49ers 25 22 in overtime . The Chiefs became the first team to win back to back Super Bowls since the New England Patriots in 2004 . The game was played on February 11 , 2024 , at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise , Nevada . This was the first Super Bowl to be held in the state of Nevada . It marked the third straight year that the Super Bowl had been played in the Western United States , following host cities Inglewood , California , in 2022 and Glendale , Arizona , in 2023 . As this was the Chiefs fourth Super Bowl appearance and third win in five years , many have said this game established them as a dynasty . It was the second Super Bowl to be decided in overtime , the first being Super Bowl LI
David Robert Joseph Beckham BEK əm ; born 2 May 1975 is an English former professional footballer , the president and co owner of Inter Miami CF and co owner of Salford City . Primarily a right winger and known for his range of passing , crossing ability and free kick taking , Beckham has been hailed as one of the greatest and most recognisable midfielders of his generation , as well as one of the best free kick takers of all time . He won 19 major trophies in his career , and is the first English player to win league titles in four different countries England , Spain , the United States and France . Beckham s professional club career began with Manchester United , where he made his first team debut in 1992 at age 17 . With United , he won the Premier League title six times , the FA Cup twice , the FA Charity Shield twice , the Intercontinental Cup and the UEFA Champions League in 1999 . He then played four seasons with Real Madrid , winning the La Liga championship in his final season with the club . In July 2007 ,
The Marvels is a 2023 American superhero film based on Marvel Comics . Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , it is the sequel to the film Captain Marvel 2019 , a continuation of the television miniseries Ms . Marvel 2022 , and the 33rd film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe MCU . The film was directed by Nia DaCosta , who co wrote the screenplay with Megan McDonnell and Elissa Karasik . It stars Brie Larson as Carol Danvers Captain Marvel , Teyonah Parris as Monica Rambeau , and Iman Vellani as Kamala Khan Ms . Marvel , alongside Zawe Ashton , Gary Lewis , Park Seo joon , Zenobia Shroff , Mohan Kapur , Saagar Shaikh , and Samuel L . Jackson . In the film , Danvers , Rambeau , and Kamala team up as the Marvels after they begin swapping places with each other every time they use their powers . Marvel Studios confirmed plans to make a sequel to Captain Marvel in July 2019 . Development began in January 2020 with McDonnell hired after working on the television miniseries WandaVision 2021 . Larson was set to return from the
Dave Chisnall born 12 September 1980 is an English professional darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation PDC events , where he is currently ranked No . 7 in the world . He began his career in the British Darts Organisation BDO and was the runner up in their World Championship in 2010 . He switched to the PDC a year later where he has since reached six major TV finals and won 23 PDC ranking events . Since his switch to the PDC , Chisnall has been a staple in the top 20 of the rankings , appearing in the Premier League five times , and representing England at the PDC World Cup on three occasions . Career Early career Chisnall was brought up in St Helens and played for a local football team until he was 17 when he broke his foot . He switched to darts and first played in a friend s bedroom , throwing 180 on his first ever visit to the board . His nickname Chizzy actually originates from his work as a carpenter rather than his surname . His debut in BDO events came at the 2004 Welsh Open , losing in
Gary Leonard Oldman born 21 March 1958 is an English actor and filmmaker . Known for his versatility and intense acting style , he has received various accolades , including an Academy Award , a Golden Globe Award , and three British Academy Film Awards . His films have grossed over 11 billion worldwide , making him one of the highest grossing actors of all time . Oldman began acting in theatre in 1979 and made his film debut in Remembrance 1982 . He appeared in London s Royal Court and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company , with credits including Cabaret , Romeo and Juliet , Entertaining Mr Sloane , Saved , The Country Wife and Hamlet . He rose to prominence in British film with his portrayals of Sid Vicious in Sid and Nancy 1986 , Joe Orton in Prick Up Your Ears 1987 and Rosencrantz in Rosencrantz Guildenstern Are Dead 1990 , and gained recognition for his role in the television film The Firm 1989 . Regarded as a member of the Brit Pack , he achieved greater recognition as a New York gangster in State of Grace 1990 , Lee Harvey Oswald in JFK
Paula Anne Vennells born 21 February 1959 is a British former businesswoman who was the chief executive officer of Post Office Limited from 2012 to 2019 . She is also an Anglican priest . Vennells was the CEO of Post Office Ltd during the final three years of the British Post Office scandal , which occurred between 1999 and 2015 and involved more than 900 subpostmasters being wrongly convicted of theft , false accounting and fraud because of apparent shortfalls at their branches that were acknowledged as errors of the Horizon accounting software used by the Post Office . In 2019 , Vennells became the chair of the Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust , but left the role the following year . In 2021 , after the convictions of 39 subpostmasters were quashed , she resigned from her duties as an Anglican priest and non executive directorships at the retailer Dunelm and the supermarket chain Morrisons . Her appointment as CBE in 2019 was revoked in 2024 . Early life and education Born on 21 February 1959 as Paula Anne Vennells , she grew up in Denton , Lancashire . Having won a funded place , she was educated at
Harrison Ruffin Tyler born November 9 , 1928 is an American chemical engineer , businessman , and preservationist . He cofounded ChemTreat , Inc . , a water treatment company , in 1968 , and restored the Sherwood Forest Plantation . He is a son of Lyon Gardiner Tyler and the last living grandchild of former U . S . president John Tyler . He spoke on the history of his family . Tyler purchased Fort Pocahontas in 1996 and advocated for its preservation . Early life and education Tyler was born on November 9 , 1928 , to Susan Ruffin and Lyon Gardiner Tyler . His paternal grandparents were Julia Gardiner and the tenth US President John Tyler . Through his mother , he is a great grandson of Edmund Ruffin , and a descendant of Benjamin Harrison IV , Robert Carter I and Pocahontas . She was a teacher and caretaker of the family s historical documents . Despite his familial connections , Tyler grew up poor during the Great Depression . Tyler , whose father died when he was a boy , was homeschooled by his mother and then attended Charles City County public schools . He
Marry My Husband Korean 내 남편과 결혼해줘 is a 2024 South Korean television series written by Shin Yoo dam , and starring Park Min young , Na In woo , Lee Yi kyung , and Song Ha yoon . It is based on a web novel of the same name , which was also serialized as a webtoon . It aired on tvN from January 1 , 2024 to February 20 , 2024 , every Monday and Tuesday at 20 50 KST . It is also available for streaming on TVING in South Korea , and on Amazon Prime Video in selected regions worldwide excluding South Korea and China . Synopsis Initially set in the year 2023 , a woman suffering from terminal gastric cancer who was murdered accidentally by her husband after witnessing his affair with her best friend , awakes ten years earlier 2013 and begins her second life . And now determined not to suffer the same fate , she tries to get her best friend to take over her destiny and marry her husband instead while also making sure she lives her best life this time around without having any regrets . Cast Main Park Min
Mia Khalifa ; Arabic ميا خليفة Miyа Ḵalīfah mijaː χaliːfa h ; born 1993 is a Lebanese American media personality and former pornographic film actress and webcam model . Born and raised in Lebanon , she and her family relocated to the United States in 2001 . She entered the sex industry in October 2014 , becoming the most viewed performer on Pornhub in two months . Her career choice was met with controversy after the release of a video in which she is engaged in a threesome while wearing a hijab ; the scene brought Khalifa instant popularity as well as criticism from writers and religious figures . In 2015 , Khalifa was voted the Number 1 Porn Star on Pornhub . In January 2017 , xHamster reported that she was the most searched for adult actress of 2016 . In 2018 , she became the most searched for actress on Pornhub . After retiring from adult films , Khalifa pursued a new career as a social media personality , webcam model , and sports commentator . Early life and education Khalifa was born in Beirut , Lebanon and raised Catholic in what she describes as a very conservative
Mission Impossible Dead Reckoning Part One is a 2023 American spy action film directed by Christopher McQuarrie from a screenplay he co wrote with Erik Jendresen . It is the sequel to Mission Impossible Fallout 2018 and the seventh installment in the Mission Impossible film series . It stars Tom Cruise as Ethan Hunt , alongside an ensemble cast including Hayley Atwell , Ving Rhames , Simon Pegg , Rebecca Ferguson , Vanessa Kirby , Esai Morales , Pom Klementieff , Mariela Garriga , and Henry Czerny . In the film , Hunt and his IMF team face off against the Entity , a powerful rogue AI . In January 2019 , Cruise announced the next two Mission Impossible films would be shot back to back , with McQuarrie writing and directing both . Returning and new cast members were announced soon after , and Lorne Balfe , who composed the score for Fallout , returned to score . Filming began in Italy in February 2020 but was halted due to the COVID 19 pandemic . It resumed later that year and wrapped in September 2021 , with other filming locations including Norway , the United Kingdom , and the
Florence Pugh PEW ; born 3 January 1996 is an English actress . She made her acting debut in 2014 in the drama film The Falling . Pugh gained recognition in 2016 for her leading role as a young bride in the independent drama Lady Macbeth , winning a British Independent Film Award , and drew praise for starring in the miniseries The Little Drummer Girl 2018 . Pugh s international breakthrough came in 2019 with her portrayals of professional wrestler Paige in the biographical sports film Fighting with My Family , a despondent American woman in the horror film Midsommar , and Amy March in the period drama Little Women . For the last of these , she received nominations for an Academy Award and a BAFTA Award . Pugh was awarded the Trophée Chopard at the 2019 Cannes Film Festival . She has played Yelena Belova in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , beginning with Black Widow 2021 . The next year , she starred in the thriller Don t Worry Darling and drama The Wonder , and voiced Goldilocks in the animated film Puss in Boots The Last Wish . Pugh also portrayed Jean Tatlock in Christopher Nolan
Andre Keith Braugher ; July 1 , 1962 December 11 , 2023 was an American actor known for his roles as Detective Frank Pembleton in the NBC police drama series Homicide Life on the Street 1993 1999 and Captain Raymond Holt in the Fox NBC police comedy series Brooklyn Nine Nine 2013 2021 . He won two Primetime Emmy Awards and was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards . Braugher started his acting career as part of The Public Theatre s Shakespeare in the Park , appearing in Much Ado About Nothing 1988 , Coriolanus 1989 , Twelfth Night 1996 , Hamlet 2008 , and As You Like It 2012 . He transitioned his career into television , gaining roles in Kojak 1989 1990 , The Court Martial of Jackie Robinson 1990 , and The Tuskegee Airmen 1995 , followed by leading roles in the ABC medical series Gideon s Crossing 2000 2001 , the CBS crime series Hack 2002 2004 , the FX crime mini series Thief 2006 , and the TNT comedy series Men of a Certain Age 2009 2011 . Braugher s film roles include Glory 1989 , Primal Fear 1996 , City of Angels 1998 ,
Jujutsu Kaisen 呪術廻戦 , rgh . Sorcery Battle is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Gege Akutami . It has been serialized in Shueisha s shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump since March 2018 , with its chapters collected in 25 tankōbon volumes as of January 2024 . The story follows high school student Yuji Itadori as he joins a secret organization of Jujutsu Sorcerers to eliminate a powerful Curse named Ryomen Sukuna , of whom Yuji becomes the host . Jujutsu Kaisen is a sequel to Akutami s Tokyo Metropolitan Curse Technical School , serialized in Shueisha s Jump Giga from April to July 2017 , later collected in a tankōbon volume , retroactively titled as Jujutsu Kaisen 0 , in December 2018 . Jujutsu Kaisen is licensed for English language release in North America by Viz Media , which has published the manga in print since December 2019 . Shueisha publishes the series in English on the Manga Plus online platform . Two novels , written by Ballad Kitaguni , were published in May 2019 and January 2020 , respectively . A 24 episode anime television series adaptation produced by MAPPA , aired on MBS from
Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger born July 30 , 1947 is an Austrian and American actor , businessman , filmmaker , former politician , and former professional bodybuilder known for his roles in high profile action movies . He served as the 38th governor of California from 2003 to 2011 and was among Time s 100 most influential people in the world in 2004 and 2007 . Schwarzenegger began lifting weights at age 15 and won the Mr . Universe title aged 20 , and subsequently the Mr . Olympia title seven times . He is widely regarded as one of the greatest bodybuilders of all time , and has written many books and articles about it . The Arnold Sports Festival , considered the second most important bodybuilding event after Mr . Olympia , is named after him . He appeared in the bodybuilding documentary Pumping Iron 1977 . After retiring from bodybuilding , he gained worldwide fame as a Hollywood action star , with his breakthrough in the sword and sorcery epic Conan the Barbarian 1982 , a box office hit with a sequel in 1984 . After playing the title character in the science fiction film The Terminator 1984
George Michael born Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou ; 25 June 1963 25 December 2016 was an English singer songwriter and record producer . Regarded as a pop culture icon , he is one of the best selling musicians of all time , with his sales estimated at between 100 million to 125 million records worldwide . Michael was known as a creative force in songwriting , vocal performance , and visual presentation . He achieved 10 number one songs on the US Billboard Hot 100 and 13 number one songs on the UK Singles Chart . Michael won numerous music awards , including two Grammy Awards , three Brit Awards , twelve Billboard Music Awards , and four MTV Video Music Awards . He was listed among Billboard s the Greatest Hot 100 Artists of All Time and Rolling Stone s the 200 Greatest Singers of All Time . The Radio Academy named him the most played artist on British radio during the period 1984 2004 . Michael was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2023 . Born in East Finchley , Middlesex , Michael rose to fame after forming the pop duo Wham ! with Andrew
Blue Eye Samurai is an adult animated action television series created and written by wife and husband team Amber Noizumi and Michael Green , with supervising director and series producer Jane Wu , co produced and animated by the French studio Blue Spirit . On December 11 , 2023 , the series was renewed for a second season . Premise During Japan s Edo period 17th century , half white half Japanese onna musha Mizu quests for vengeance against four white men , one of whom is her father , who illegally remained in Japan during the closing of its borders by the Tokugawa shogunate . Voice cast Main Maya Erskine as Mizu , a female mixed race blue eyed bushi . Her experiences of discrimination as a mixed race Japanese woman have left her cold , bitter and vengeful . She disguises herself as a man to pursue her path of revenge more freely . Masi Oka as Ringo , an optimistic , handless male cook who idolizes Mizu . Despite Mizu initially not wanting a companion , she later tolerates Ringo . He proves surprisingly helpful and loyal to Mizu . Darren Barnet as Taigen , a promising
Jason Statham STAY thəm ; born 26 July 1967 is an English actor and martial artist . He is known for portraying characters in various action thriller films who are typically tough , gritty , or violent . Statham has been credited for leading the resurgence of action films during the 2000s and 2010s . His film career through 2017 generated over 1 . 5 billion 1 . 1 billion in ticket sales , making him one of the film industry s most bankable stars . Statham began practising Chinese martial arts , kickboxing , and karate recreationally in his youth while working at local market stalls . An avid footballer and diver , he was a member of Britain s national diving team and competed for England in the 1990 Commonwealth Games . Shortly after , he was asked to model for French Connection , Tommy Hilfiger , and Levi s in various advertising campaigns . His past history working at market stalls inspired his casting in the Guy Ritchie crime films Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels 1998 and Snatch 2000 . The commercial success of these films led Statham to star as Frank Martin in the
Israel , officially the State of Israel , is a country in the Levant region of West Asia . It is bordered by Lebanon to the north , Syria to the northeast , Jordan to the east , the Red Sea to the south , Egypt to the southwest , the Mediterranean Sea to the west , and the Palestinian territories the West Bank along the east and the Gaza Strip along the southwest . Tel Aviv is the financial , economic , and technological center of the country , while its seat of government is in its proclaimed capital of Jerusalem , although Israeli sovereignty over East Jerusalem is unrecognized internationally . Israel is located in a region known historically as Canaan , Palestine and the Holy Land . In antiquity , it was home to several Canaanite , and later , Israelite and Jewish states , and is referred to as the Land of Israel in Jewish tradition . The region was also ruled successively by the Assyrian , Babylonian , Achaemenid , Hellenistic , Roman , Byzantine , Arab Islamic Rashidun , Umayyad , Abbasid , and Fatimid Caliphates , Crusader , Ayyubid , Mamluk and Ottoman
AEW Worlds End was a professional wrestling pay per view PPV event produced by All Elite Wrestling AEW . It took place on Saturday , December 30 , 2023 , at the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale , New York on Long Island , marking the company s first PPV to be held in the state of New York . The event featured the final of the inaugural Continental Classic to crown the inaugural AEW Continental Champion , and subsequently , AEW s first American Triple Crown Champion . Thirteen matches were contested at the event , including three on the Zero Hour pre show . In the main event , Samoa Joe defeated MJF by technical submission to win the AEW World Championship . In another prominent match , Eddie Kingston defeated Jon Moxley in the Continental Classic final to become Triple Crown Champion , retaining the ROH World Championship and NJPW Strong Openweight Championship and winning the inaugural AEW Continental Championship . The event also saw Andrade El Ídolo s final match in AEW as his contract expired following the event . Production Background On October 25 , 2023 , it was reported that the American professional
Sylvester Gardenzio Stallone ; born July 6 , 1946 is an American actor and filmmaker . He has received numerous accolades , including a Golden Globe Award , as well as nominations for three Academy Awards and two BAFTA Awards . Stallone is one of only two actors in history alongside Harrison Ford to have starred in a box office No . 1 film across six consecutive decades . Struggling as an actor for a number of years upon moving to New York City in 1969 , Stallone found gradual work in films such as The Lords of Flatbush 1974 . He achieved his greatest critical and commercial success starting in 1976 with his iconic role as boxer Rocky Balboa in the first film of the successful Rocky franchise , which he also wrote . In 1977 , he became the third actor in history to be nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Original Screenplay and Best Actor . He portrayed the PTSD plagued soldier John Rambo in First Blood 1982 , a role he would play across five Rambo films 1982 2019 . From the mid 1980s to the late 1990s , Stallone would go on to become
X is a 2022 American slasher film written , directed , produced and edited by Ti West . It stars Mia Goth in dual roles a young woman named Maxine , and an elderly woman named Pearl . The film also stars Jenna Ortega , Martin Henderson , Brittany Snow , Owen Campbell , Stephen Ure and Scott Mescudi appearing in supporting roles . Set in 1979 , the film follows a cast and crew who gather to make a pornographic film on an elderly couple s rural Texas property , but find themselves threatened by the homicidal couple . A24 announced X in November 2020 . Principal photography occurred from February 16 to March 16 , 2021 , primarily in Fordell , New Zealand . Goth underwent extensive prosthetic makeup for Pearl , and special effects were employed to depict violent scenes in the film . Characterized as a contemporary take on psycho biddy , the film draws inspiration from horror , exploitation , and pornographic films , and emphasizes the interplay between beauty , aging , and self worth . The score was composed by Tyler Bates and Chelsea Wolfe , who collaborated to create a soundtrack with
The New Year s Eve festivities in London , England , have regularly consisted of a midnight fireworks show . The focal point of the festivities are the South Bank , where the chimes of Big Ben at midnight signify the arrival of the new year , and pyrotechnics are launched from barges along the River Thames and from the London Eye observation wheel . New Year s Eve celebrations were first held in an organised fashion in 1999 to celebrate the arrival of the year 2000 , and produced by Ten Alps on behalf of the Greater London Authority . Due to disputes with the city , the New Year s fireworks shows were not held again regularly until New Year s Eve 2004 , where Jack Morton Worldwide began to organise the show on behalf of the Greater London Authority . Public New Year s Eve festivities in London were suspended in 2020 and 2021 due to the COVID 19 pandemic , being replaced by broadcast only events due to restrictions or uncertainties surrounding public gatherings . These presentations for New Year s Eve included a fireworks and drone show , held at different London landmarks rather than
Anna Anka née Danuta Anna Kołodziejska , previously Åberg ; born 1971 , is a Swedish and American model , actress , and author . She was married to Canadian singer Paul Anka . Anka is featured in the Swedish reality show Svenska Hollywoodfruar Swedish Hollywood Wives . Early life Originally named Danuta Anna Kołodziejska , Anna Anka was born in what was then the Polish People s Republic . Her mother died during childbirth . At the age of three , Anka was adopted by a Swedish couple named Åberg living in Bjuv , Sweden . She moved to the United States in 1994 to work as a model after placing eighth in the international Miss Hawaiian Tropic pageant . Her participation in the Miss Hawaiian Tropic pageant barred her from participating in the Miss Sweden pageant that year . Previous reports stated that Anka participated in Miss Sweden in 1994 but Veckorevyn which was the owner and operator of the Miss Sweden beauty pageant at the time found no evidence of her participating in either the 1993 or 1994 pageants , though she did participate in Miss Scania s 1993 pageant . Career Anka made a brief appearance
Eugene Curran Kelly August 23 , 1912 February 2 , 1996 was an American dancer , actor , singer , director and choreographer . He was known for his energetic and athletic dancing style and sought to create a new form of American dance accessible to the general public , which he called dance for the common man . He starred in , choreographed , and co directed with Stanley Donen some of the most well regarded musical films of the 1940s and 1950s . Kelly is best known for his performances in An American in Paris 1951 , which won the Academy Award for Best Picture , Singin in the Rain 1952 , which he and Donen directed and choreographed , and other musical films of that era such as Cover Girl 1944 and Anchors Aweigh 1945 , for which he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor . On the Town 1949 , which he co directed with Donen , was his directorial debut . Later in the 1950s , as musicals waned in popularity , he starred in Brigadoon 1954 and It s Always Fair Weather 1955 , the last film he directed with Donen
Isis Naija Gaston born January 1 , 2000 , known professionally as Ice Spice , is an American rapper . Born and raised in the Bronx in New York City , she embarked on her musical career while studying at college in 2021 after meeting producer RiotUSA . Ice Spice first gained major recognition in late 2022 with her song Munch Feelin U , which achieved viral popularity on TikTok . After signing with 10K Projects in a joint venture with Capitol Records , she released the follow up singles Bikini Bottom and In Ha Mood in promotion for her debut extended play EP , Like . . ? 2023 . The EP contained the Billboard Hot 100 charting song Gangsta Boo featuring Lil Tjay , spawned the single Princess Diana with Nicki Minaj , and contained the single Deli on its deluxe edition . She saw further mainstream success with her collaborative singles that same year ; Boy s a Liar Pt . 2 with PinkPantheress , Karma with Taylor Swift , and Barbie World with Nicki Minaj and Aqua each peaked within the top ten of the Billboard Hot 100 , making Ice Spice the first rapper to
Adeel Akhtar born 18 September 1980 is a British actor . In 2017 , he won the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor for his role in Murdered by My Father . He was also nominated for a BAFTA for Best Supporting Actor for his role on Channel 4 s Utopia , as well as a British Academy Film Award nomination for Best Actor in a Leading Role for Ali Ava . Akhtar received critical acclaim for his performance in BBC One s Sherwood , receiving the British Academy Television Award for Best Supporting Actor . He is a two time nominee for Outstanding Supporting Performance at the Children s and Family Emmy Awards for his role in Sweet Tooth , winning in 2023 . Early life Akhtar was born in London , to a Pakistani father and a Kenyan mother . He was educated at Cheltenham College Junior School from 1991 to 1994 and then moved to Cheltenham College in Newick House from 1994 to 1999 . He originally completed a degree in law from Oxford Brookes University in 2002 , but decided to follow his passion and change to acting , training at the Actors Studio Drama
Michael Brett Adkisson March 2 , 1964 April 12 , 1987 was an American professional wrestler under the ring name Mike Von Erich . His four brothers , David , Kerry , Kevin and Chris , also wrestled . He was the son of longtime Texas wrestler and wrestling promoter Fritz Von Erich and a member of the Von Erich family . Early life Mike had five brothers David , Kerry , Kevin , Jack and Chris . His father , longtime Texas wrestler and wrestling promoter , Fritz Von Erich , trained all his sons in professional wrestling . Several wrestlers associated with Mike , such as his brother Kevin , King Kong Bundy , Gentleman Chris Adams , Gary Hart and Jake Roberts , have all stated that he never wanted to be a wrestler . Instead , he wanted to work for his father s company , World Class Championship Wrestling WCCW , as a cameraman . He knew how to play the guitar and wanted to be a musician . Professional wrestling career World Class Championship Wrestling 1983 1987 Mike made his debut on November 24 , 1983 , winning a match against Skandor Akbar during
Anthony Cris Collinsworth born January 27 , 1959 is an American former football player and sports broadcaster . Collinsworth was a wide receiver in the National Football League NFL for eight seasons 1981 1988 , all with the Cincinnati Bengals . He played college football at the University of Florida , where he was recognized as an All American . He is a television sportscaster for NBC , Showtime , and the NFL Network , and winner of 17 Sports Emmy Awards . He is also the majority owner of Pro Football Focus . Early life Collinsworth was born in Dayton , Ohio , the son of Abraham Lincoln Abe Collinsworth and Donetta Browning Collinsworth . Abe , known as Lincoln in high school , was one of the top scorers in Kentucky high school basketball history , and played for the Kentucky Wildcats Fiddling Five who won the 1958 national championship . Both of Cris s parents were educators ; Donetta was a teacher , and Abe was a high school teacher and coach who later became a principal and eventually the superintendent of schools for Brevard County . His family , including Cris and his younger brother Greg
Richard Austin Quest born 9 March 1962 is a British journalist and non practising barrister working as a news anchor for CNN International . He is also an editor at large of CNN Business . He anchors Quest Means Business , the five times weekly business programme and fronts the CNN shows Business Traveller , The Express and Quest s World of Wonder . Early life and education Quest is a native of Liverpool , Lancashire now Merseyside , England , having been born and partly brought up there . He is Jewish . He was educated at the state comprehensive Roundhay School in Leeds , followed by Airedale and Wharfedale College and the University of Leeds , where he earned a Bachelor of Laws in 1983 , and was called to the Bar . He spent the 1983 1984 academic year in the United States at Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee , where he was the news director of WRVU . Career Quest became a trainee journalist at the BBC in 1985 , joining its financial section in 1987 , and moving to New York City in 1989 to become the BBC s North American business correspondent .
Steven Kenneth Fletcher born 26 March 1987 is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for EFL League Two club Wrexham . Fletcher began his club career with Hibernian , playing in 156 Scottish Premier League games and scoring 43 goals . English club Burnley paid a club record transfer fee of 3 million to sign Fletcher in June 2009 . He was their top goalscorer in the 2009 10 season with eight league goals , but the club were relegated from the Premier League . Fletcher was transferred soon afterwards to Wolverhampton Wanderers on a club record fee of 6 . 5 million . He scored 24 goals in 68 appearances for Wolves , but the club were relegated from the Premier League in 2012 . Fletcher was then transferred to Premier League side Sunderland for 12 million . He played 108 matches and scored 23 goals for them , also spending half a season on loan at French club Marseille in 2016 . He then joined EFL Championship club Sheffield Wednesday . Fletcher spent four seasons at Hillsborough scoring 38 goals . He subsequently played two seasons with Stoke City , and one season with Dundee United
Sir Reginald Carey Rex Harrison 5 March 1908 2 June 1990 was an English actor . Harrison began his career on the stage in 1924 . He made his West End debut in 1936 appearing in the Terence Rattigan play French Without Tears , in what was his breakthrough role . He won his first Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for his performance as Henry VIII in the Broadway play Anne of the Thousand Days in 1949 . He returned to Broadway portraying Professor Henry Higgins in My Fair Lady 1956 where he won the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical . In addition to his stage career , Harrison also appeared in numerous films . His first starring role was opposite Vivien Leigh in the romantic comedy Storm in a Teacup 1937 . Receiving critical acclaim for his performance in Major Barbara 1941 , which was shot in London during the Blitz , his roles since then included Blithe Spirit 1945 , Anna and the King of Siam 1946 , The Ghost and Mrs . Muir 1947 , Cleopatra 1963 , My Fair Lady 1964 , reprising his stage role as Henry Higgins which
Kho Gaye Hum Kahan transl . Where Have We Lost Ourselves ? is a 2023 Indian Hindi language coming of age drama film directed by Arjun Varain Singh , in his directorial debut . Written by Singh , Zoya Akhtar , Reema Kagti and produced by Ritesh Sidhwani , Akhtar , Kagti , and Farhan Akhtar under the banners of Excel Entertainment and Tiger Baby Films , the film stars Siddhant Chaturvedi , Ananya Panday , and Adarsh Gourav as three friends who navigate their goals and relationships against the pressures of social media . Kalki Koechlin , Anya Singh and Rohan Gurbaxani appear in supporting roles . The film is named after a song of the same name from the film Baar Baar Dekho 2016 , also produced by Excel Entertainment . Principal photography of the film began in March 2022 and was wrapped up on August . It released on Netflix on 26 December 2023 , to positive reviews from critics . Plot Imaad Ali , Ahana Singh , and Neil Pereira are three best friends that have been together since their school days . Imaad is a stand up comedian , Ahana is an MBA graduate from
Rodman Edward Serling December 25 , 1924 June 28 , 1975 was an American screenwriter and television producer best known for his live television dramas of the 1950s and his anthology television series The Twilight Zone . Serling was active in politics , both on and off the screen , and helped form television industry standards . He was known as the angry young man of Hollywood , clashing with television executives and sponsors over a wide range of issues , including censorship , racism , and war . Early life Serling was born on December 25 , 1924 , in Syracuse , New York , to a Jewish family . He was the second of two sons born to Esther née Cooper , 1893 1958 , a homemaker , and Samuel Lawrence Serling 1892 1945 . Serling s father had worked as a secretary and amateur inventor before his children were born but took on his father in law s profession as a grocer to earn a steady income . 15 Sam Serling later became a butcher after the Great Depression forced the store to close . Rod had an older brother , novelist and aviation writer Robert J
Alfred Matthew Yankovic YANG kə vik ; born October 23 , 1959 , known professionally as Weird Al Yankovic , is an American musician , comedian , satirist , and actor . He is best known for writing and performing comedy songs that often parody specific songs by contemporary musicians . He also performs original songs that are style pastiches of the work of other acts , as well as polka medleys of several popular songs , most of which feature his trademark accordion . Since having one of his comedy songs aired on The Dr . Demento Radio Show in 1976 at age 16 , Yankovic has sold more than 12 million albums as of 2015 , recorded more than 150 parodies and original songs , and performed more than 1 , 000 live shows . His work has earned him five Grammy Awards and a further 11 nominations , four gold records and six platinum records in the U . S . His first top ten Billboard album Straight Outta Lynwood and single White Nerdy were both released in 2006 , nearly three decades into his career . His latest album , Mandatory Fun 2014 , became his
Alexandra Anna Daddario born March 16 , 1986 is an American actress . She had her breakthrough portraying Annabeth Chase in the Percy Jackson film series 2010 2013 . She has since starred as Paige in Hall Pass 2011 , Heather Miller in Texas Chainsaw 3D 2013 , Blake Gaines in San Andreas 2015 , Summer Quinn in Baywatch 2017 , and Alexis Butler in We Summon the Darkness 2019 . She has also guest starred in television series such as White Collar , It s Always Sunny in Philadelphia , True Detective , New Girl , Why Women Kill and American Horror Story Hotel . In 2021 , she starred in the first season of the HBO series The White Lotus , for which she received critical acclaim and an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Limited or Anthology Series or Movie in 2022 . In 2023 she began playing the lead role of Dr . Rowan Fielding in the AMC series Mayfair Witches based on a series of novels written by author Anne Rice . Early life and education Alexandra Anna Daddario was born in New York City on March 16 , 1986 , the eldest
Desmond Kevin Howard born May 15 , 1970 is an American former football wide receiver and return specialist who played in the National Football League NFL for 11 seasons . He played college football for the Michigan Wolverines , where he won the Heisman Trophy as a senior , and was selected fourth overall in the 1992 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins . Howard spent most of his career on special teams as a return specialist and holds the NFL single season record for punt return yardage . With the Green Bay Packers , Howard was named Most Valuable Player of Super Bowl XXXI after setting an NFL record for punt return yards and returning a kickoff for a 99 yard touchdown , the longest return in Super Bowl history at the time . To date , he is the only special teams player to receive the award . He was inducted to the College Football Hall of Fame in 2010 . High school career Howard was born in Cleveland , Ohio and earned All American and All Ohio honors as a tailback during his senior season at St . Joseph High School in Cleveland , Ohio , scoring
Anna Sergeyevna Kournikova Russian Анна Сергеевна Курникова , IPA ˈanːə sʲɪrˈɡʲejɪvnə ˈkurnʲɪkəvə ; born 7 June 1981 is a Russian model and television personality , and former professional tennis player . Her appearance and celebrity status made her one of the best known tennis stars worldwide . At the peak of her fame , fans looking for images of Kournikova made her name one of the most common search strings on Google Search . Despite never winning a singles title , she reached No . 8 in the world in 2000 . She achieved greater success playing doubles , where she was at times the world No . 1 player . With Martina Hingis as her partner , she won Grand Slam titles in Australia in 1999 and 2002 , and the WTA Championships in 1999 and 2000 . They referred to themselves as the Spice Girls of Tennis . Kournikova retired from professional tennis in 2003 due to serious back and spinal problems , including a herniated disk . She lives in Miami Beach , Florida , and played in occasional exhibitions and in doubles for the St . Louis Aces of World Team Tennis before the team folded
Jayden Daniels born December 18 , 2000 is an American football quarterback . He played college football at Arizona State and LSU , winning the Heisman Trophy and several other awards with the latter in 2023 after throwing for 3 , 800 yards and 40 touchdowns while rushing for 1 , 100 yards and 10 touchdowns . Early years Daniels was born on December 18 , 2000 , in San Bernardino , California . He was a four star recruit out of Cajon High School in San Bernardino , being ranked second in the nation for dual threat quarterbacks in the 2019 class . College career Arizona State Daniels committed to Arizona State on December 13 , 2018 . He graduated early from Cajon in order to enroll at Arizona State in January 2019 . As a freshman , Daniels beat out starter Dillon Sterling Cole in training camp , making him the first starting true freshman quarterback for the Sun Devils . Daniels led the Sun Devils to victory against multiple ranked opponents including against 6 Oregon . For his performance against Oregon , Daniels was named Offensive Player of the Week and Freshman of the Week by the
Taiwan , officially the Republic of China ROC , is a country in East Asia . It is located at the junction of the East and South China Seas in the northwestern Pacific Ocean , with the People s Republic of China PRC to the northwest , Japan to the northeast , and the Philippines to the south . The territories controlled by the ROC consist of 168 islands with a combined area of 36 , 193 square kilometres 13 , 974 square miles . The main island of Taiwan , also known as Formosa , has an area of 35 , 808 square kilometres 13 , 826 square miles , with mountain ranges dominating the eastern two thirds and plains in the western third , where its highly urbanized population is concentrated . The capital , Taipei , forms along with New Taipei City and Keelung the largest metropolitan area . With around 23 . 9 million inhabitants , Taiwan is among the most densely populated countries . Taiwan has been settled for at least 25 , 000 years . Ancestors of Taiwanese indigenous peoples settled the island around 6 , 000 years ago . In the 17th century
Denzel Hayes Washington Jr . born December 28 , 1954 is an American actor , producer , and director . In a career spanning over four decades , Washington has received numerous accolades , including a Tony Award , two Academy Awards , three Golden Globe Awards and two Silver Bears . He was honored with the Cecil B . DeMille Lifetime Achievement Award in 2016 , the AFI Life Achievement Award in 2019 , and in 2020 The New York Times named him the greatest actor of the 21st century . In 2022 , Washington received the Presidential Medal of Freedom . After training at the American Conservatory Theater , Washington began his career in theatre , acting in performances off Broadway . He first came to prominence in the NBC medical drama series St . Elsewhere 1982 1988 , and in the war film A Soldier s Story 1984 . Washington won Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actor for his role as an American Civil War soldier in Glory 1989 and for Best Actor for playing a corrupt cop in Training Day 2001 . His other Oscar nominated roles were in Cry Freedom 1987 , Malcolm X 1992
Walter Elias Disney ; December 5 , 1901 December 15 , 1966 was an American animator , film producer , and entrepreneur . A pioneer of the American animation industry , he introduced several developments in the production of cartoons . As a film producer , he holds the record for most Academy Awards earned and nominations by an individual . He was presented with two Golden Globe Special Achievement Awards and an Emmy Award , among other honors . Several of his films are included in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress and have also been named as some of the greatest films ever by the American Film Institute . Born in Chicago in 1901 , Disney developed an early interest in drawing . He took art classes as a boy and took a job as a commercial illustrator at the age of 18 . He moved to California in the early 1920s and set up the Disney Brothers Studio now The Walt Disney Company with his brother Roy . With Ub Iwerks , he developed the character Mickey Mouse in 1928 , his first highly popular success ; he also provided the voice for his
Mara Elizabeth Wilson born July 24 , 1987 is an American actress . She rose to prominence as a child actress playing Natalie Hillard in the film Mrs . Doubtfire 1993 and went on to play Susan Walker in Miracle on 34th Street 1994 , the title character in Matilda 1996 , and Annabel Greening in A Simple Wish 1997 . Following her role as Lily Stone in Thomas and the Magic Railroad 2000 , Wilson took a 12 year hiatus from acting to focus on writing . She returned to acting in 2012 and has predominantly worked in web series . Early life Mara Elizabeth Wilson was born in Burbank , California , on July 24 , 1987 , the oldest daughter of Burbank PTA school volunteer Suzie née Shapiro ; 1953 1996 and KTLA broadcast engineer Mike Wilson . Her mother was Jewish , while her father is half Irish . Wilson s mother was diagnosed with breast cancer on March 10 , 1995 , and died on April 26 , 1996 . The film Matilda was dedicated to her memory . Wilson later recalled that this affected her passion for acting . At age 12 , Wilson
Chandramukhi 2 transl . Moon faced girl 2 is a 2023 Indian Tamil language comedy horror film written and directed by P . Vasu , and produced by Subaskaran Allirajah under the banner of Lyca Productions . It is a sequel to Chandramukhi 2005 . The film stars Raghava Lawrence in dual roles alongside Kangana Ranaut and Lakshmi Menon in the principal roles along with an ensemble supporting cast , that includes Vadivelu who reprises his role from the predecessor , Radhika Sarathkumar , Mahima Nambiar , Srushti Dange , Rao Ramesh , Subiksha Krishnan , Suresh Chandra Menon , Ravi Mariya , Vignesh , and Y . G . Mahendran in pivotal roles . The film was officially announced in 2020 with Sun Pictures producing , though by June 2022 Lyca had taken over production . Principal photography began in that July , and wrapped by mid August 2023 . The music is composed by M . M . Keeravani , while the cinematography and editing are handled by R . D . Rajasekhar and Anthony , respectively . Chandramukhi 2 was released on 28 September 2023 to extremely negative reviews from critics , and emerged as major commercial
XXX stylized as xXx and pronounced Triple X is a 2002 American action film directed by Rob Cohen , produced by Neal H . Moritz and written by Rich Wilkes . The first installment in the XXX film series , the film stars Vin Diesel as Xander Cage , a thrill seeking extreme sports enthusiast , stuntman and rebellious athlete turned reluctant spy for the National Security Agency . Cage is sent on a dangerous mission to infiltrate a group of potential Russian terrorists in Central Europe . The film also stars Asia Argento , Marton Csokas and Samuel L . Jackson . Cohen , Moritz and Diesel had previously worked on The Fast and the Furious 2001 as director , producer and cast member respectively . The film grossed 277 . 4 million worldwide and was followed by two sequels , XXX State of the Union 2005 and XXX Return of Xander Cage 2017 . Plot Anarchy 99 , a Russian terrorist group , acquires the biochemical weapon Silent Night , presumed missing since the fall of the Soviet Union . Undercover NSA agent Jim McGrath is assigned to recover the weapon but is discovered and killed by Anarchy
Jeremy Allen White born February 17 , 1991 is an American actor . He played Phillip Lip Gallagher in the comedy drama series Shameless 2011 2021 and chef Carmen Carmy Berzatto in the comedy drama series The Bear 2022 present . For the latter , he received a Primetime Emmy Award , two Golden Globe Awards , and three Screen Actors Guild Awards . White has also appeared in the thriller series Homecoming 2018 and in films such as Afterschool 2008 , Bad Turn Worse 2013 , After Everything 2018 , The Rental 2020 , Fremont 2023 , and The Iron Claw 2023 . Early life Jeremy Allen White was born in the Brooklyn borough of New York City on February 17 , 1991 , to parents Eloise Ziegler and Richard White . He grew up in Brooklyn s Carroll Gardens neighborhood . His mother is from North Carolina . Throughout elementary school , White was a dancer who performed ballet , jazz , and tap dance . Upon entering a new middle school dance program at the age of 13 , he decided to pursue acting . He attended the Professional Performing Arts School in the Hell s Kitchen
Zachary David Alexander Efron ; born October 18 , 1987 is an American actor . He began acting professionally in the early 2000s and rose to prominence as a teen idol for his leading role as Troy Bolton in the High School Musical trilogy 2006 2008 . During this time , he also starred in the musical film Hairspray 2007 and the comedy film 17 Again 2009 . Efron had starring roles in the films New Year s Eve 2011 , The Lucky One 2012 , The Paperboy 2012 , Neighbors 2014 , Dirty Grandpa 2016 , Baywatch 2017 , and The Greatest Showman 2017 . He played Ted Bundy in Extremely Wicked , Shockingly Evil and Vile 2019 and Kevin Von Erich in The Iron Claw 2023 . In 2021 , he won a Daytime Emmy Award for hosting the Netflix travel show Down to Earth with Zac Efron 2020 2022 . Early life Zachary David Alexander Efron was born on October 18 , 1987 , and grew up in Arroyo Grande , California . His father , David Efron , is an electrical engineer at Diablo Canyon Power Plant , and his mother , Starla Baskett , is
Everything Everywhere All at Once is a 2022 American absurdist comedy drama film written and directed by Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert , who produced it with Anthony and Joe Russo and Jonathan Wang . The film incorporates elements from several genres and film media , including surreal comedy , science fiction , fantasy , martial arts films , immigrant narrative , and animation . Michelle Yeoh stars as Evelyn Quan Wang , a Chinese American immigrant who , while audited by the IRS , discovers that she must connect with parallel universe versions of herself to prevent a powerful being from destroying the multiverse . The film also stars Stephanie Hsu , Ke Huy Quan , Jamie Lee Curtis , and James Hong . Kwan and Scheinert began work on the project in 2010 . Production was announced in 2018 , and principal photography ran from January to March 2020 . The works of Hong Kong film director Wong Kar wai , as well as the children s book Sylvester and the Magic Pebble and the video game Everything , served as inspiration for several scenes . The film explores philosophical themes such as existentialism , nihilism , surrealism
Dame Emma Thompson born 15 April 1959 is a British actress and screenwriter . She has received numerous accolades throughout her career spanning more than four decades , including two Academy Awards , three BAFTA Awards , two Golden Globe Awards and a Primetime Emmy Award . In 2018 , she was made a Dame DBE by Queen Elizabeth II for her contributions to drama . Born to actors Eric Thompson and Phyllida Law , Thompson was educated at Newnham College , Cambridge , where she became a member of the Footlights troupe , and appeared in the comedy sketch series Alfresco 1983 1984 . In 1985 , she starred in the West End revival of the musical Me and My Girl , which was a breakthrough in her career . In 1987 , she came to prominence for her performances in two BBC TV series , Tutti Frutti and Fortunes of War , winning the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress for her work on both series . In the early 1990s , she often collaborated with then husband , actor and director Kenneth Branagh , in films such as Henry V 1989 , Dead Again 1991 , and
A time zone is an area which observes a uniform standard time for legal , commercial and social purposes . Time zones tend to follow the boundaries between countries and their subdivisions instead of strictly following longitude , because it is convenient for areas in frequent communication to keep the same time . Time zones are defined as one or two offsets from Coordinated Universal Time UTC , and if two offsets are used the days when the offset changes . Some time zones switch between offsets throughout the year due to daylight saving time DST . The UTC offsets range from UTC 12 00 to UTC 14 00 , and are usually a whole number of hours , but a few zones are offset by an additional 30 or 45 minutes such as in India , South Australia and Nepal . Areas of extreme latitude are more likely to use DST . DST is usually used for about half of the year , typically by adding one hour to local time during spring and summer . List of UTC offsets In the table below , the locations that use daylight saving time DST are listed in their UTC offset
Enzo Anselmo Giuseppe Maria Ferrari Italian ˈɛntso anˈsɛlmo ferˈraːri ; 18 February 1898 14 August 1988 was an Italian motor racing driver and entrepreneur , the founder of the Scuderia Ferrari Grand Prix motor racing team , and subsequently of the Ferrari automobile marque . He was widely known as Il Commendatore or Il Drake . In his final years he was often referred to as L Ingegnere The Engineer or Il Grande Vecchio The Grand Old Man . Early life Enzo Ferrari was born on 18 February 1898 in Modena , Italy , while his birth certificate states 20 February . His parents were Alfredo Ferrari and Adalgisa Bisbini ; he had an older brother Alfredo Junior Dino . Alfredo Senior was the son of a grocer from Carpi , and began a workshop fabricating metal parts at the family home . Enzo grew up with little formal education . When he was 10 he witnessed Felice Nazzaro s win at the 1908 Circuito di Bologna , an event which inspired him to become a racing driver . During World War I he served in the 3rd Mountain Artillery Regiment of the Italian Army . His father Alfredo ,
Emma Charlotte Duerre Watson born 15 April 1990 is an English actress . Known for her roles in both blockbusters and independent films , she has received a selection of accolades , including a Young Artist Award and three MTV Movie Awards . Watson has been ranked among the world s highest paid actresses by Forbes and Vanity Fair , and was named one of the 100 most influential people in the world by Time magazine in 2015 . Watson attended the Dragon School and trained in acting at the Oxford branch of Stagecoach Theatre Arts . As a child , she rose to stardom after landing her first professional acting role as Hermione Granger in the Harry Potter film series , having previously acted only in school plays . Watson made her first major forays beyond the Potter franchise starring in Ballet Shoes 2007 , and lent her voice to The Tale of Despereaux 2008 . After the final Harry Potter film , she took on a supporting role in My Week with Marilyn 2011 , before starring as Sam , a flirtatious , free spirited student in The Perks of Being a Wallflower 2012 , to critical success
